Who was the man behind The Chipmunks?
What star sign is Jamie Lee Curtis?
Which Lloyd Webber musical premiered in the US on 10th December 1993?
Who was the next British Prime Minister after Arthur Balfour?
Who had a 70s No 1 hit with Kiss You All Over?
What claimed the life of singer Kathleen Ferrier?
Rita Coolidge sang the title song for which Bond film?
To the nearest million what is the population of Australia?
What was the last US state to reintroduce alcohol after prohibition?
Which actress was voted Miss Greenwich Village in 1942?
What is the Japanese share index called?
What was the name of Michael Jackson's autobiography written in 1988?
In which decade did stereo records first go on sale?
What was golfing great Ben Hogan's famous reply when he was asked how to improve one's game?
In what year's Olympics were electric timing devices and a public-address system used for the first time?
Why is the site of a boxing match called a ring when it's square?
In the very first Boston Marathon, 15 runners competed. How many finished?
"How many different animal shapes are there in the ""Animal Crackers"" cookie zoo?"
Which volcano in Tanzania is the highest mountain in Africa?
The flag of Libya is a plain rectangle of which color?
Of which African country is Niamey the capital?
Who was the director of the CIA from 1976-81?
Which musical featured the song The Street Where You Live?
"Who was the target of the failed ""Bomb Plot"" of 1944?"
Who had an 80s No 1 hit with Hold On To The Nights?
Who directed the classic 30s western Stagecoach?
Dave Gilmore and Roger Waters were in which rock group?
Which highway was Revisited in a classic 60s album by Bob Dylan?
Which was the only eastern bloc country to participate in the 1984 LA Olympics?
Which 90s sci fi series with James Belushi was based on Bruce Wagner's comic strip of the same name?
If I Were A Rich Man Was a big hit from which stage show?
Men Against the Sea and Pitcairn's Island were two sequels to what famous novel?
What is the only novel to top the best-seller lists for two consecutive years?
To whom did Helen Keller dedicate her autobiography, The Story of My Life?
"Complete this Biblical quotation: ""It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than..."
What was Truman Capote's last name before he was adopted by his stepfather?
What book knocked Henry Kissinger's White house Years out of first place on the best-seller list in November 1979?
In Lewis Carroll's poem The Hunting of the Snark, what did the elusive, troublesome snark turn into to fool hunters?
In what state was playwright Tennessee Williams born?
Who was the only Englishman to become Pope?
In the Bible, who did the sun and moon stand still before?
What Michelle Pfeiffer movie got a boost from the Coolio song Gangsta's Paradise?
In the Bible, who saw the handwriting on the wall?
What comic strip character was named after heavyweight boxing champion James J. Jeffries?
What was President Gerald Ford's middle name?
Who recorded the When Harry Met Sally soundtrack?
Art Garfunkel trained for which profession although he didn't qualify?
Who was the last inmate of Spandau jail in Berlin?
What was Eddie Murphy's first movie?
In the 80s who wrote the novel Empire of The Sun?
Kagoshima international airport is in which country?
In which sport could the Pacers take on the Pistons?
Kim Carnes' nine weeks at No 1 with Bette Davis Eyes was interrupted for one week by which song?
Where in Canada is the Lion's Gate bridge?
What was Walter Matthau's first movie?
Otis Barton was a pioneer in exploring where?
Where in England was actor Nigel Hawthorne born?
What would Kevin Scale have been called if it had adopted the originator's first name?
What mythological beast has the head of a man, the body of a lion, and the tail and feet of a dragon?
In Greek mythology, who were Arges, Brontes and Steropes?
In Greek mythology, what were the names of Oedipus's parents?
Which musician founded the Red Hot Peppers?
Where did the Shinning Path terrorists operate?
How old was Jimi Hendrix when he died?
Which Brit broke the land speed record in 1990 in Thrust 2?
In which state was Gene Vincent born?
How was the European Recovery Program in the 1940s more commonly known?
Brandon Lee died during the making of which movie?
Who had a 70s No 1 hit with Let's Do It Again?
Who had a Too Legit To Quit Tour?
"According to Rudyard Kipling what were the ""two imposters"" to meet and treat the same day?"
Who is the most successful UK solo artist in the USA?
Where was horse racing's Breeder's Cup held in 1987?
Which country does the airline TAAG come from?
Which US No 1 single came from Diana Ross's platinum album Diana?
River Phoenix died during the making of which movie?
Which artist David was born in Bradford UK?
What is Mel Gibson's middle name?
Richard Daley was mayor of which city for 21 years?
"In which movie did Garbo say, ""I want to be alone""."
Robert Kirkpatrick of California grew the world's biggest what?
What is Osbert Lancaster best known for producing?
Who was the defending champion when Martina Navratilova first won Wimbledon singles?
Who was the first US-born winner of golf's British Open?
In which country is the Sky Train Rail bridge?
What was the Paramount Film Company originally called?
Which founder of the company Triad was accused by the USA of receiving bribes?
Who was the first person after Scott to reach the South Pole overland?
Which journalist first told the world about the My Lai massacre?
What is the name of Terence and Shirley Conran's dress designer son?
Which drink did The Spice Girls promote?
Who was the youngest brother in the Beach Boys?
Which actress was called by the US Senate a 'powerful force of evil' when she left her husband and child in 1948?
Who first hosted Family Feud?
What did the Lone Ranger's title Kemo Sabe mean in Apache?
Who or what was Gentle Ben in the 60s TV series?
Which 70s show was based on the British show Till Death Us Do Part?
On what date in 1969 did Neil Armstrong first set foot on the Moon?
Bandar Seri Begawan International airport is in which country?
What was the profession of Paul Strand (1890 - 1976)?
"Which supermodel said, ""I look very scary in the mornings?"
Who wrote the song MacArthur Park?
Who had a 60s No 1 with Downtown?
Who was born first, Kiefer Sutherland or Christian Slater?
To the nearest two, how many tennis Grand Slam titles did Jimmy Connors win?
Who was the Georgia Peach?
Who set fire to his guitar at the Monterey Pop festival in 19676?
Della Street was whose secretary?
In music, who was Sweet and Innocent and Too Young?
Who is featured on Puff Daddy's Can't Hold Me Down?
What had Edmond Hillary worked at before taking up mountain climbing?
In which American state is the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum?
Benina international airport is in which country?
In 1986, which TV station sponsored the world's biggest wine tasting?
To a thousand, what is the area of Illinois in square miles?
Beloved in 1999 was whose first movie since The Color Purple in 1985?
Which Star Trek star directed Three Men and a Baby?
Which sitcom star appeared on the big screening The Object of My Affection?
"Which character did Julia ""Roberts play in Steven Spielberg's Hook?"
Which US president did Anthony Hopkins play in a film whose title was simply his name?
Which movie was a biopic about the life of David Helfgott?
Which film director guested as the FBI Director in The Silence of the Lambs?
In which sci fi classic did the space ship Nostromo first appear?
Nigel Hawthorne was Oscar nominated for The Madness of which King?
Which Swedish actress won the Best Supporting Actress Oscar for Murder on the Orient Express?
Which Oscar-nominated film had You Sexy Thing as its theme song?
Which Joan's career revived in Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?
Which much-loved actor won the Best Actor Oscar for The Philadelphia Story?
Which legendary dancer was Oscar-nominated for The Towering Inferno?
What was the name of the brothel in The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas?
Who was the male star of the movie The Man of La Mancha?
What relation is Joey Richardson to Vanessa Redgrave?
Melanie Molitor is the mom of which tennis world NO 1?
Marc Dutroux hit the headlines over a 'house of horrors' in which country?
On which date in 1945 did Hitler take cyanide then shoot himself?
How old would Elvis Presley have been had he lived to the end of the 20th century?
In which river is the Boulder Dam?
Which sports event was first held at Worcester, Massachusetts in 1927?
In which European city is the Belvederen Gallery?
How old was Woody Herman when he founded his own orchestra?
For which movie did Katharine Hepburn win her second Oscar?
Who had a 60s No 1 hit with This Diamond Ring?
The world was first aware of the Chernobyl disaster after detectors were triggered at a nuclear plant in which country?
In which country was the first permanent bungee jumping site situated?
Who succeeded Brezhnev as Soviet premier?
In the late 60s Owen Finlay MacLaren pioneered what useful item for parents of small chldren?
In which city's shipyard was Solidarity set up?
What was the first spacecraft to land on another planet?
Which female singer was born on exactly the same day as impressionist Rich Little?
What is Harrison Ford's real name?
Who's home runs record did Mark McGwire break in the 1998 season?
What were Joe DiMaggio's two baseball-playing brothers called?
Who won baseball's first World Series of the 80s?
What was Pete Sampras seeded when he won his first US Open?
"Which boxer famously said,"" If I can't beat this bum take my name off the record books?"""
Where did Jonathan Edwards set his 1995 triple jump world record?
In baseball, where do the Orioles come from?
The Naismith Award is presented in which sport?
Which cartoon and film character is the nickname of super athlete Michael Johnson?
For which team did Babe Ruth blast his last Major League home run?
How old would Bobby Kennedy have been had he lived to the end of the 20th century?
What was Warren Beatty's first movie?
Where does Roseanne have a tattoo of a pink rose?
Which future Hollywood star got her break as Wonder Girl, Wonder Woman's sister Drusilla?
Mickey Braddock in the 50s series Circus Boy found fame with which surname in which pop band?
Which war veteran was Director of News & Special Events for ABC before find fame as a TV cop?
What US sitcom was the first exported to Britain?
In Hanna and Barbera's TV cartoons base on The Addams Family who was the voice of Gomez?
Who was the only female victim to be killed off in the opening credit sequence in Police Squad?
In 1990 who faced banners saying Goodbye Pineapple Face?
How much did Clint Eastwood receive per month for his duties as Mayor of Carmel?
Which US president won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1920?
Who beat Tim Henman in his first Wimbledon singles semifinal?
What relation was Flo Jo to Jackie Joyner Kersee?
How long was swimmer Michelle Smith-de Bruin banned for attempting to manipulate a drugs test?
Yuan Yuan was caught carrying drugs for which Chinese team?
Which grand slam did Pete Sampras not win in the 20th century?
In which events did Gert Fredriksson win six Olympic gold medals?
How many of his 45 races did Mike Hawthorn, a former Formula One motor racing world champion, win?
On the Internet what is Spam?
In which country did the Internet start?
In which year was the Juilliard School founded in New York?
Where was horse racing's Breeders' Cup held in 1989?
Who wrote My Life and Loves in 1926, originally banned in the US?
What was Blondie's last UK No 1 of the 80s?
If it is 3 a.m. in Nevada, what time is it in Montana?
In baseball, where do the Royals come from?
What is the largest city in Ohio?
In which decade of the 20th century was Anne Bancroft born?
The Suez Canal connects the Mediterranean Sea to which other Sea?
Vehicles from which country use the international registration letter E?
Which rock star did Cindy Crawford name her first son after?
Sun Yat Sen overthrew the emperor in which country establishing a republic after 2000 years of imperial rule?
Who designed the dress which made the most at Diana's dress auction?
Which Palestinian co-founded al Fatah in 1957?
In which country was Earl Spencer's acrimonious divorce settlement heard?
In which North African country was Mohammed Al-Fayed, owner of Harrods department store in London, born?
Aung San Suu Kyi is a controversial leader in which country?
Which of the founders of United Artists had the last name nearest the beginning of the alphabet?
In La Cage Aux Folles, what was La Cage Aux Folles?
Where was the Fiddler in the musical's title?
South Pacific was set during which war?
What percentage of the earth's surface is covered by Europe?
Which European town gave its name to a Treaty which symbolizes closer economic links between European countries?
Which home of champagne in France was also where the German High Command surrendered in WWII?
Which was the first European city this century to open an underground railway system?
Who first drew Mickey Mouse when ?Disney first supplied the voice?
Which actress wrote the novel The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles?
Who was the star of the film based on the record Harper Valley PTA by Jeannie C Riley?
What color golf balls are used on the golf course in Antarctica?
Throughout the 80s and 90s Phil Collins recorded on which record label?
On which label did Chuck Berry record in the 1950s and 1960s?
Which museum has the highest-funded art gallery?
What was the name of Michael Jackson's second wife?
Which US city was named after a British Prime Minister?
"Who said, To err is human but it feels divine?"""
Which singer had a big 60s No 1 with Roses Are Red?
What are the international registration letters of a vehicle from Iceland?
Where was the American venue of the Live Aid concert?
Which was the longest moon landing?
Who had the most expensive presidential inauguration ceremony of the 20th century?
Who became Israel's head of state in 1993?
In WWII, who was the head of the Nazi party's security service?
Which President of the Philippines was deposed in 1986?
What kind of disaster claimed some 100,000 lives in Armenia in 1988?
Which state on the Gulf of Mexico is nearest the end of the alphabet?
To ten thousand square miles, what is the area of Michigan?
Truax Field international airport is in which US state?
In what month was the attack on Pearl Harbor?
Who did Dr. Crippen murder?
In the 1904 Olympics, how many of the 23 track and field titles were won by Americans?
The Black Hills lie between which two rivers?
In what year was the first in-flight movie shown on an internal flight in the USA.
In which city was John Lennon murdered?
How was President Kennedy assassinated?
Which caped crusader operated in Gotham City?
Who did Jack Ruby shoot in November 1963?
Who was the first American to travel faster than the speed of sound?
Who was the first US president Barbara Walters interviewed?
Which orchestral conductor was married to one of the subjects of the film Hillary and Jackie?
Which writer and politician became Lord Tweedsmuir?
In what year was the first Tarzan novel published?
In which country were motorized ambulances first used?
In which city was the first Model T produced outside the USA?
What is the Pacific terminus of the Trans Siberian Railway?
What appears in the middle of the Rwandan flag?
What is the name of the mountain pass which lies between Pakistan and Afghanistan?
What is the name of the group of 1,196 islands in the North Indian Ocean, none bigger than five square miles?
Which Syrian city is said to be the oldest continually inhabited city in the world?
Who was king of France at the time of the French Revolution?
What is the principal language of Bulgaria?
What is the name of the cathedral in Red Square, Moscow?
Which country is known to its people as Suomen Tasavalta?
Which crusade was led by Philip II Augustus of France and Richard I of England?
In which Netherlands city does the United Nations International Court of Justice sit?
In which battle did Harold II, the last Saxon king, lose his life?
Who proclaimed the People's Republic of China in 1949?
Which wife of Henry VIII had already married twice before she became queen, and married for a fourth time after Henry's death?
In which country is the castle that gives the Habsburg dynasty its name?
Who were the victors of the Battle of Austerlitz?
In which parliament has the UK 87 seats for members who are elected for a five0-year term?
What was the former name of the British Green Party?
Who were the two prime ministers of Britain during World War II?
"What is the more common name of the ""simple plurality"" system of voting?"
What word for unthinking patriotism is derived from the name of one of Napoleon's admirers?
Which builder of steam engines formed a successful partnership with Matthew Boulton?
What was the nickname of the French singer Edith Piaf?
Whose birthday is celebrated by a public holiday on the third Monday in January in the USA?
What type of coal is brown and fibrous?
What raw material is used for making glass?
What kind of an organism is a truffle?
What is the name of the strong material found in plant cell walls?
What name is given to the change of state from liquid to gas?
Which branch of science has four fundamental principles: addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.
What is the force that opposes the relative motion of two bodies that are in contact?
What is the fastest animal on two legs?
What is the green pigment used by plants to trap sunlight?
What id the name given to the study of birds?
Of which reptile are there only two species, one living in the Mississippi and the other in China?
What type of seaweed grows up to 100 meters in length, and is farmed for its alginates?
Where in a vertebrate would you find the protein myoglobin?
What is the most abundant substance in the plant kingdom, which no mammal produces the enzyme to digest?
Which family of insects has species named 'drivers', 'weavers', 'and even individuals called 'soldiers'?
What name is given to the study of animal behavior?
Mosses are classified as belonging to which part of the plant kingdom?
Which rodent rears its young, called kittens, in a nest called a drey?
What has a central vein called a midrib?
Which mammal constructs a lodge in which to store food, rear young, and pass the winter?
What is the generic word for plants that grow in water or water-logged conditions?
Which teeth are the third molars, and are always the last to0 erupt?
What is secreted by the pancreas to regulate blood sugar levels?
How many chambers has the heart?
What is the name of the large buttock and thigh muscle?
When the egg is released from the ovary, what is left behind?
What is the scientific name for the heart's pacemaker?
Which hormone helps control ovulation?
What is the second most common gas in the atmosphere?
What is the term for nutrient enrichment of lakes?
Five-legged creatures have damaged which 1250 mile long wonder of the world?
Which radioactive substance sometimes occurs naturally in spring water?
What is the approximate circumference of the earth?
What is the name of the organization which controls whaling?
How large is the area seated within the project BioSphere 2?
Which common mineral is used to make casts, moulds, blackboard chalk and plaster of Paris?
What name was given to the invisible material once thought to occupy all space?
What is the name of the theory that the universe appears the same wherever and whenever viewed?
From which areas of space can there be no escape?
Who was the first man to walk on the Moon?
Proteus and Nereid are moons of which planet?
What is the Milky Way?
Which force is nothing more than the bending of space and time?
Which star is as bright as 23 Suns, and is orbited by the Pup?
What are the three primary colours of light?
Which three South American countries does the Equator cross?
In what film did Oprah Winfrey make her big screen acting debut?
What is the second lightest chemical element?
Used in mathematics, what is the value of Pi to three decimal places?
What colour is the number 10 on the door of 10 Downing Street? White, Yellow or Brown?
What was advertised with Eva Herzagovia using the slogan hello boys?
What number in Bingo is sometimes referred to as Heinz varieties?
The largest ever teddy bears picnic was held in Dublin in 1995. How many bears were there?
As at March 2001, who holds the record for scoring the most league goals for the soccer team Arsenal?
How many verses make up the national anthem God Save The Queen?
What colour is the cross on the national flag of Switzerland?
Who was the American President when the Berlin Wall was constructed?
What is the minimum number of darts a person needs to throw to complete a leg from 501?
What was the first British football team to win the European Cup?
What is the most popular natural attraction in Alaska?
What type of acid is extracted from the juice of lemons, oranges, limes, and grapefruit?
What is the difference between a frog and a toad?
How many pieces are there in a standard set of dominoes?
What is the acronym for the agency which provides co-operation between police forces worldwide?
As at the year 2001, what are the only two films to receive 14 Oscar nominations?
What were Benjy and Laska, which were sent into space in 1958?
In what year in the 20th century was the Miss World contest held for the first time?
In which year was the Encyclopedia Britannica first published?
On the London Underground, which is the only line to connect at some point with every other line on the system?
In 1981, what became the first ever music video to be shown on MTV?
Who wrote The Importance Of Being Earnest?
Thomas Edison, who invented the lightbulb, was afraid of the dark?
Taphephobia is the fear of losing your teeth?
The letter t is the second most common letter used in the English language?
The invention of what in 1867, made Alfred Nobel famous?
What is the most populated city in America?
What is the only letter of the alphabet which does not appear in any of the names of the 50 American states?
In 1931, what became the first ever televised sports event?
What was the Spice Girls' debut single called?
What are the only two musical notes which have no flats?
From which country do French fries originate? France, Belgium or Switzerland?
For what novel did J. K. Rowling win the 1999 Whitbread Children's book of the year award?
Mary has a large bedroom and the only light switch is on the wall approximately 20 feet away from her bed. How can she turn off the light, but still get into bed before it is dark?
What is the longest word can be typed using only the top row of letters on a typewriter?
A man lives on the 20th floor of a block of flats. If it is a rainy day, he gets into the elevator in the morning, goes down to the ground floor and goes off to work. In the afternoon when he comes home, he gets into the elevator and goes straight to the 20th floor. However, if it is a sunny day he goes down to the ground floor in the morning, but when he comes home he only goes up to the 10th floor and then walks up 10 flights of stairs. Why?
What is the only football league team in Britain which doesn't have any of the letters from the word football in its name?
In which city would you find O'Hare International Airport?
Which Asian country was once called Siam?
Which three countries does Luxembourg border?
What are the names of Donald Duck's three nephews?
In which 1993 film does a boy called Jonah write to a woman called Annie, asking her to meet his father at the Empire State building on St. Valentine's Day?
Who had a top ten hit in 1988 with Valentine?
What is the second most common word in written English?
In which arcade game, would you find ghosts called Inky, Pinky, Blinky and Clyde?
More commonly known as the thigh bone, what is the medical name for the longest bone in the human body?
What word is used to describe someone who is neither left or right handed, but can use both hands with equal ease?
Which cult film, starring Harrison Ford, was based on the story Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?
Which ITV magazine style show ran from 1968 to 1980 and featured presenters including Jenny Hanley, Mick Robertson and Tommy Boyd?
Which type of animal was Robin Hood in the Disney cartoon film 'Robin Hood'?
Who provided the voice for Bob The Builder on his number one hit Can We Fix It?
Which actor received 4 million dollars for his 10 minutes on screen in the film Superman?
Who directed the films Thelma and Louise, Hannibal and Black Hawk Down?
Which serial killer is the subject of the films A Study In Terror, Murder By Decree and From Hell?
In cricket, what is the score of 111 known as?
Yuppy Love, Danger UXD, The Frog's Legacy, Diamonds Are For Trevor?
Batman Returns, Practical Magic, Dead Calm, The Peacemaker?
Who wrote the novels About A Boy, How To Be Good and High Fidelity?
With which game would you use a squidger, a circular disc between 25mm and 51 mm?
The melody for which famous song was written by sisters and school teachers Patty and Mildred Hill in Kentucky in 1893?
What is the most common pub name in the UK?
What is the name of Kevin the teenager's friend played by Kathy Burke in a series of sketches with Harry Enfield?
What seven letter word, beginning with the letters 'Ra' is a palindrome?
Which fruit can go in the middle of the word aped to make a new word?
How many scottish football league teams names end in United?
Who had a top ten hit in the UK with Cupid in 1961?
Which 1999 Oscar winning film has a title which refers to a breed of rose and features a red rose on it's poster?
The theme tune to which TV show starts with the line Stick a pony in me pocket?
What word is given to a point in tennis which has to be replayed?
Which three colours appear on the flag of the Republic of Ireland?
How many episodes of Prisoner: Cell Block H were made?
Who is the last English-born player to win the men's singles title at Wimbledon?
Which famous painter's surname was Harmenzoon van Rijn which translated as son of Harmen, of the Rhine?
In 1976, which gymnast scored 7 maximum scores of 10 as she won three gold medals, one silver and one bronze?
In years and days, how old was Luigina Giavotti when she won a silver medal in gymnastics in 1928, and is still the youngest medal winner today?
As at August 2004, who is Englands all time top goalscorer?
Which Eastenders actor has played the policeman Nick Rowan on TV?
What type of animal was Boris, the subject of a song by The Who?
Which brand of beer does Homer Simpson drink regularly?
From which animal does Haggis come?
In which country was Marie Curie born? Poland, Austria or Switzerland?
What is the most common blood type in humans? A, B or O?
Which P is the correct technical term for the art of making and displaying fireworks?
Which King did Guy Fawkes attempt to kill with his gunpowder plot?
Behind Band Aid's Do They Know It's Christmas which 1978 single is the second biggest selling Christmas single of all time in the UK?
In which film was the song White Christmas first sung?
Which Pop Idol had a number one hit in 2004 called All This Time?
Why did Jason Alexander from Louisiana hit the headlines in January 2004?
Which Channel 4 TV show's presenters included Mark Lamarr, Amanda De Cadenet and Terry Christian?
What is the name of the device made of wood and horsehair that is used to play a violin?
What colour is the bottom stripe on the U.S. flag?
What is the name given to the largest bee in a hive?
Who won the Ladies singles title at Wimbledon in 2004?
Which famous female character of TV and films was played by a male when she was first introduced to our screens in 1943?
What is the alcoholic ingredient of Irish coffee?
In which year did St George die?
What are the names of the Four Horseman of the Apocalypse?
Who were the four different Snooker World Champions in the 1990s?
Who is the Vice-President for George W Bush?
Which film sees Clint Eastwood, Tommy Lee Jones, James Garner and Donald Sutherland as retired astronauts?
In a standard deck of cards, how many Kings have a moustache?
According to the film Gremlins, if you are looking after a Gremlin you should not feed him after midnight, not get him wet and not expose him to what?
The Canary Islands are named after what animal?
In which capital city would you find Charles Bridge and Wenceslas Square?
What was the surname of the woman who was the inspiration behind the Rolling Stones song Angie?
What is the final event in a decathlon?
Peter Simple, Jack Horner and Ben Nevis have all won which famous sporting event?
What is the largest city in Turkey?
What are the names of the four US states which begin with the word 'New'?
Who are the only two groups to have had 3 consecutive Christmas Number Ones in the UK charts?
By the end of the 17th series of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire in 2005, how many people had sat in the hot seat?
Who bought Chelsea football club for £1 in 1982?
In 1998, which director's Oscar acceptance speech included the line I'm king of the world?
What nationality was the painter Vincent Van Gogh?
Which film features the characters Sally Albright and Harry Burns?
In the world of film, what connects May Day, Jinx and Solitaire?
Which act won the Eurovision Song Contest for the United Kingdom singing Love Shine A Light?
Which four presidents heads are sculpted on Mount Rushmore?
Which English word comes from an old French word meaning sour wine?
Which team beat American Samoa 31-0 in a qualifying match for the 2002 World Cup, but still failed to qualify?
What was the name of Roland Rat's gerbil friend?
Which animal has the longest gestation period at around 22 months?
What name is given to the home of a beaver?
What name is given to a baby marsupial?
Who dated actress Elizabeth Hurley between 2000 and 2001 and denied he was the father of her son born in 2002 before a DNA test proved otherwise?
What type of animal is the star of the 2005 film Racing Stripes?
Author Dick Francis is famous for writing novels based around which sport?
Which Scottish newspaper features the Broons and Oor Wullie?
Which famous book features the character of Bob Cratchit?
Which act has had more Christmas number one singles than any other?
Which Christmas song includes the line It seems so long since I could say 'sister Susie sitting on a thistle'?
Which British footballer has the most number of International caps?
Who holds a trumpet on the album cover of Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band by The Beatles?
Which song begins with the line The taxman's taken all my dough?
What former X-Factor contestant had a top ten hit album called Picture Of You in 2007?
The Kray twins were convicted of the murder of George Cornell in the East End of London in 1966. What was the name of the pub in which he was shot?
Who composed the musical theme for the Pink Panther?
Who was the cartoon adversary of Pixie and Dixie, who would often say I hate those meeces to pieces?
Which actress married Dennis Quaid on Valentine's Day in 1991?
During Margaret Thatcher's years as Prime Minister, there were three Chancellors of the Exchequer. Geoffrey Howe and Nigel Lawson were two, but who was the other one?
Buddy Holly and the Big Bopper were two of the three musicians who died in a plane crash in February 1959. Who was the other one?
Fruit, cricket and horseshoe are varieties of what type of animal?
Apart from being warm blooded and giving birth to live young, what do mammals produce to differentiate them from other families of animals?
Pleased it`s passed tea time
To which poet does Il Postino deliver mail?
Which scientist was Time magazine's "Person of the 20th Century"?
What was the nickname given to premiership footballer Neil Ruddock?
The Ducati is manufactured in which city and what country?
Wayne Rooney signed for Manchester United from which other Premiership Club?
The Yalu river forms a sort of natural border between China and which of its neighbours?
Which stand-up comedian presents 8 Out Of 10 Cats and Distraction?
Name the game show, presented by Leslie Grantham and Melinda Messenger, where contestants were set physical and mental challenges?
Who presented Family Fortunes in the two years between Bob Monkhouse and Les Dennis?
For what did Einstien gat Nobel prize in Physics?
Which planet has moons named after Shakespearean characters?
Who was part man, part machine, all cop and hailed from a futuristic Detroit?
Who dubbed Miss Piggy's singing voice in The Muppet Movie?
Who wrote the Bourne trilogy of books, made into movies starring Matt Damon?
The Bible tells of 3 wise men visiting Jesus after his birth, but in which of the Gospels does this appear?
Athos and Porthos are two of the 3 musketeers, name the other one.
What is the name of the small fifth claw called on the side of a dog's foot ?
What is the name of the plastic bit on the end of shoelaces?
The river Danube flows into which sea?
Anna Nicole Smith was controversially married to which oil billionaire?
Wayne Rooney scored his first senior goal against which club?
How meny times have Liverpool won the Europion Cup?
The Sign Of Four was a detective story written by which author?
Who was the author of 'The Old Curiosity Shop'?
The River Danube runs through which three European capital cities?
In which sport or pastime can you see nose walking?
In which occupation would you rotate the gog at the end of your nose?
What sport or pastime would you be playing if your balls were black and blue and your opponent's were red and yellow?
The age of the railway began in which year with the introduction of the Liverpool-Manchester line?
Who played Frankenstein in the 1994 film of the same name?
What won't a cockroach eat?
Who was the first person to sell one million records?
In Greek mythology, where do righteous souls go after death?
What is the scientific name given to tea?
In the 1999 film Stuart Little, who plays the part of Mrs Eleanor Little?
Suger Mice was a 1987 single for which British rock band?
In which decade were ZIP codes introduced in the USA?
What are the shape-shifting foxes of the Japanese folklore?
In Greek mythology who was the twin of Polydeuces?
Which film features the Dawes Tomes Mousley Grubbs Fidelity Fiduciary Bank?
What is Robin Williams character called in Good Morning Vietnam?
Who plays Cruella de Vil in the 1996 live action version of 101 Dalmations?
Who stars in the 2008 movie Seven Pounds?
Marilyn Monroe starred in the Seven Year Itch. Who directed it?
On Red Nose Day 2001 who won Celebrity Big Brother?
Excluding Lady Jane Grey, who were the five monarchs of the House of Tudor?
What are the four classical elements that make up our world?
What is the name of the London Underground station in EastEnders?
How many runs did Donald Bradman score in his last ever test match innings?
Nicknamed the cannibal, who is the only rider to have won all three jerseys in the same year in the Tour de France?
Whose arch nemisis is the Red Skull?
By what name is comic book villain Oswald Chesterfield Cobblepot better known?
First appearing on TV in 1967, which detective solved all of his crimes sitting down?
How many times was Wyatt Earp shot?
Which famous cowboy was created by George W. Trendle?
The pub with the longest name in the UK has how many letters in it? 55, 75 or 95?
Which movie starred Michael Caine as a murderous transvestite psychiatrist?
What is the brightest star in our celestial sphere?
In 1961, who famously scored six goals in a match but still ended up on the losing team in a FA Cup tie?
Which economist wrote The Wealth Of Nations?
Macbeth belonged to which royal house or dynasty?
Was James II known as: James The Bald, Fiery Face, or The Red King?
In Harry Potter And The Goblet Of Fire, which dragon did Harry have to defeat?
What is the full name of the train robber played by Phil Collins in a 1988 movie?
Tony Hadley was the lead singer with which 1980s new romantic band?
What was the surname of the butler played by Gordon Jackson in Upstairs Downstairs?
Which Jackson appeared in Celebrity Big Brother in January 2009?
Who was the seventh president of the United States?
In which country are the Angel Falls, the highest waterfall in the world?
The 1955 comedy movie We're No Angels centred on three escaped convicts. Peter Ustinov and Aldo Ray were two, but who played the third?
Who played King Arthur in the 1967 musical film Camelot?
Which country grows the largest number of mangoes?
Ecuador has a border with Peru and which other country ?
In 2009, who was convicted of the murder of Lana Clarkson?
The left side of the heart pumps blood to all parts of the body, but the right side pumps blood to which organ in particular?
Which cartoon character lives in a pineapple under the sea?
Which serial killer hanged himself in Wakefield Prison in January 2004, four years after being found guilty of 15 murders?
What public school did the Duke of Edinburgh and Prince Charles attend?
As a result of finishing fifth in the 1980 Winter Olympics figure skating competition, Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean gave up their jobs in order to skate full-time. What were their previous jobs?
If it was Phil Mickelson in 2006, Zach Johnson in 2007, and Trevor Immelman in 2008, who was it in 2009?
Which British comedy actor has a refuse tip named after him in New Zealand, after he visited Palmerston, and said that it was a great place to commit suicide?
Red Stripe lager comes from which country?
Which architect was known as the Wizard of the Dome?
What is the name of the Salvador Dali painting that shows clocks oozing over a landscape?
In what year did Edward Vlll abdicate?
Which well known couple live at Bagshot Park in Surrey?
Which notorious murderer lived at 10 Rillington Place?
Who killed Lee harvey Oswald?
Who killed Robert F Kennedy?
Who killed Jean Paul Marat?
What was the name of the kangaroo often mistaken by Sylvester the cat to be a giant mouse?
Gjetost is the national cheese of which country?
A youngberry is a cross between a dewberry and what else?
Who is Arthur Wellesley better known as?
Which town in East Sussex now stands on the site of the battle of Hastings?
Which 1986 Peter Weir movie and based on a Paul Theroux novel starred Harrison Ford, Helen Mirren and River Phoenix?
What is the name of CS Lewis' 7 book fantasy?
Name the tv series about FBI agent Don Eppes and his mathematical genius brother Charlie
All children except one grow up.
Scarlett O'Hara was not beautiful, but men seldom realised it when caught by her charm as the Tarleton twins were
Which horse racing jockey was sometimes referred to as the long fellow?
Who is the patron saint of lost causes?
True or False: Sharks do not blink?
Which `B` was the name of the mechanical shark used in the original `Jaws` film?
What is a shark's skeleton made of?
The American legal drama Shark ran from Sept 06 to May 08. Who starred in the title role, playing Sebastian Stark?
Which Italian fashion designer was shot dead on the steps of his Miami mansion in 1997?
Who was famous for popularising the 'little black dress' in the 1920s?
Who designed Madonna's wedding dress for her marriage to Guy Ritchie?
Meryl Streep's character, Miranda, in the 2006 film The Devil Wears Prada was based on the editor-in-chief of which fashion magazine?
In the TV show Camberwick Green, who lived in Colly's Mill?
Which part of the human body produces insulin?
Who played Dr. Doug Ross on the TV show E.R.?
Who played the role of Kate Flax in the 1990 film Mermaids?
Who played the character Mrs. Merton on TV?
What nationality was three time Olympic gold medallist in figure skating Sonja Henie?
At which Winter Olympic host city would you find the Cresta Run?
What kind of an animal is a wireworm?
What are the flat treeless plains of Argentina called?
Which Canadian born  actress was the star in the movie Barb Wire?
Which 2004 "puppet" movie, made by the makers of South Park, satirises Americas politics and jingoism?
What name is given to glass that has been treated so that it cannot be seen through?
When bored, what major vice does Holmes succumb to, much to the annoyance of his companion?
Which river originates in the Taurus Mountains, and flows through Syria and Iraq?
According to the title of the 1977 movie, who owned a dragon that could become invisible?
Following success at the 1979 election whose party conference speeech included the lines 'you turn if you want to, the lady's not for turning'?
In the run up to the 1997 election, Tony Blair outlined his parties' three priorities for office, can you name them?
Which snooker player was simply known as 'The Grinder'?
Which former West Indian fast bowler was known as 'Whispering Death'?
Which Eastenders character had a dog called Willy?
In which year did the first episode of Minder take place?
What was the name of the cat in Rising Damp?
Which comedy written by Johnny Speight which first aired in 1965, featured a fervent West Ham supporter?
What was the name of the comedy written by Ray Galton, Alan Simpson which aired 57 episodes?
Bonar Law is the only Prime Minister not born in the UK. In which country was he born?
Who lives in the Hundred Acre Wood?
If you heard the catchphrase "They're great" what would expect to be advertised?
How many times was Boris Becker runner-up in the Men's Singles at Wimbledon?
How many times did Steffi Graf win the Ladies Singles at Wimbledon?
In which postcode area are the Wimbledon Championships held? SW15, SW17 or SW19?
Who had an album called Physcomodo?
Who did Top of the Pops mistakenly portray in a Dexys Midnight Runners song?
What story introduced the Cybermen?
Who played the tenth Doctor?
How many Rings of Power were there, in total?
Which common colour can also be known as heliotrope?
Which golf shot is the opposite of a slice?
Which actress left Eastenders for Hollywood only to flop as The Bionic Woman?
What did John Hinckley do to try and catch the attention of Jodie Foster in 1981?
In Only Fools And Horses, Rodney Trotter shares his middle name with which London football club?
How were Dr Stantz, Dr Spengler and Dr Venkman better known in the 1980's?
General Charles de Gaulle was French President 1959 to 1969. Who succeeded him?
When Mr Benn was looking for an adventure, what type of shop did he visit?
What is the name of the enzyme usually added to milk to coagulate it, to make "curds and whey"?
Which cheese shares its name with a Guiness Premiership rugby team that play at Welford Road?
Where in London were the first escalators installed in 1898?
In what year was the first episode of Doctor Who broadcast? 1959, 1963 or 1967?
What is the name of the company that owned the spaceship Red Dwarf?
Which character has been played by Jack Lord, Cec Linder, Rik Van Nutter, Norman Burton, David Hedison, John Terry, David Hedison and Jeffrey Wright?
Name the magician who first introduced us to Basil Brush.
Who was the only Prime Minister of Britain to be assassinated?
What is the name of the chain of islands in the southwestern Philippines?
What was the name of the ferry that capsized after leaving Zeebrugge in 1987
The Flying Pickets were a British vocal group who had Christmas no1 hit in 1983. What was the title of the song.
In Risk, what colour is Europe?
Which British band named themselves after a South African football team?
How many female P.Ms have there been?
Who has been the youngest P.M?
Newspapers come is various sizes, broadsheet being the largest, and tabloid being smaller, but what name is given to the smallest size.
Which wedding anniversary is celebrated with paper
Which American female rap artist, film & television actress release a song called Paper in 1998
Who won the 2010 Giro D'Italia?
In the Commonwealth games in Delhi, which British athlete won the mens 200m gold medal?
Who was un-caged and crowned Celebrity Big Brother winner in January?
Which singer picked up three Ivor Novello awards in May, including songwriter of the year for her hit single, The Fear?
Which Isle of Man resident, who was massive in Albania, died in October?
Which American singer was born Eleanora Fagan?
Which famous woman in history had a cottage in Shottery in Warwickshire?
Who sang the theme song for the TV show 'Rawhide'?
Which sea lies between Italy and the former Yugoslavia?
In which country is the region Dalmatia?
Who was known as the Great Lover of the Silent Screen?
Which actor plays Cate Blanchett's father in the 2004 film "The Missing", a story set in 19th century New Mexico where the father works with estranged daughter Blanchett to get her kidnapped child back?
How is Frances Gumm the actress better known?
Who won the Best Actress Oscar for the 1988 film, The Accused?
Which  constellation contains many bright shining stars, such as Regulus?
Which London river, now flowing underground, rises in Hampstead, flows through St. Pancras, down Farringdon Street and enters the Thames by Blackfriars Bridge?
Which British Queen is reputedly buried under Platform 8 at Kings Cross railway station?
-Day in 1944 was the greatest sea-bourn invasion in history. What was the code name for the operation?
On which island are the Cuillin Hills?
Which dancer has only one notable film cameo, appearing with Sean Connery in the 1979 movie The First Great Train Robbery, breaking into a guarded station office.
What was the first name of the character played by John Travolta in Saturday Night Fever.
In which 1969 movie did Michael Caine appear with his brother Stanley.
The Grand Prix circuit of Interlagos is in which Brazilian City?
In 1969, a man was stabbed to death by a member of the Hell's Angels at a Rolling Stones concert. Where was the concert held?
The circumference of the Earth at the Equator is approx. A) 30,000km (18,642 miles), B) 40,000km (24,856 miles) or C) 50,000km (31,069 miles)?
How long does it take, approximately, for light to travel from the Sun to the Earth?
A Long Island Iced Tea is a cocktail based on vodka, gin, tequila, and which other spirit?
Anellini pasta is what type of shape?
A Cuba Libre is based on which spirit
Which company were responsible for the production of the Spitfire?
The lyric Always sunny in a rich man's world', is from which song?
Which 18th century inventor and founding father of the United States coined the phrase 'time is money'?
Who won the men's singles title at Wimbledon in 1987?
A cowboy came into town on friday stayed 3 days and left on friday. How is this possible?
Who made Victor Krum's wand?
What kind of creature is Firenze?
Who were the American explorers who travelled from Missouri to the Oregon and back between 1804 and 1806?
Who was the Spanish adventurer and conquistador (he was also a failed law student) who overthrew the Aztec empire and claimed Mexico for Spain (1519-21).
What building in Scotland is said to house the Holy Grail and features prominently at the end of The Da Vinci Code?
The Low Countries historically included parts of which 5 modern day countries.
In which sitcom did Penelope Wilton play the wife of Richard Briers?
Who plays the role of Bubble in Absolutely Fabulous?
Which cockney private detective, co-created by Terry Venables, was portrayed on TV by Nicholas Ball?
Launched in 1970, which model was Nissan's first front wheel drive car to be marketed?
Who in 1975 became the first black man to win a Wimbledon singles title?
Which South African fast bowler had the nickname White Lightning
In 1953, Edmund Hillary was half of the famous pair to first do what?
Another name for the Holy Wars between the  Christian states of Europe against the Saracens
1986 film starring Goldie Hawn as a High School football coach.
What connects the answers 1-9
At 7am on Saturday 19 May 2012 which gold medalist started the torch delay in Lands End?
Which Captain wrote the Biggles stories
Who was the 16th president of the U.S.A.,assasinated in 1865
Which Italian explorer had ships named Nina, Pinta and Santa Maria?
Who had chart hits which included Annie`s Song and Rocky Mountain High?
Which cartoon series featured the characters Lion-o, Cheetera, Tygra and Snarf/
Who was the leader of the gang whose members included Benny the Ball ,Brain and Choo Choo?
Which famous resident resides at Highgrove House?
What is the currency of India?
How many avenues radiate from the Arc de Triomphe?
In which country is Dubrovnik?
The Dakar Rally (previously known as the Paris Dakar rally) is an annual event, but of which country is Dakar the capital city?
The Miller Brewing Company got its start in what U.S. city?
Who did Simple Simon meet on his way to the fair?
Which cartoon strip character first appeared in The Beano in 1951?
The Asian Tsunami or Boxing day tsunami that hit Thailand, Indonesia and many other countries happened in what year?
Following that year's April Budget, Alderman Sir Cuthbert Ackroyd, who later became Lord Mayor of London, bought the first what on 1 November 1956?
Produced between 1970 and 1974, what is a Bond Bug?
What was Jacques Cousteau's mobile oceonagraphic laboratory.
What is the name of the helicopter used to transport the President of the United States
Which queen consort of England is associated with Hever Castle in Kent?
What was the capital of the United States between 1785 and 1790??
Which country does the drink Cinzano come from?
Who was known as the Fat Boy of the Reserve
Which fictional girls' boarding school was created by the cartoonist Ronald Searle
Who played the character Mr Chips in the 2002 TV adaptation of Goodbye Mr Chips
Rarely is the question asked: Is our children learning?
Are you going to come quietly, or do I have to use earplugs?
Which shipping forecast area is directly north of German Bight?
Where on a ship would you find a skyscraper?
By what name did Samuel Langhorne Clemens publish his novels under?
Who wrote the novel Rasselas in a single week in 1759 to pay for his mother's funeral?
Who painted Girl with a Pearl Earring?
What is 1009 when expressed as Roman Numerals?
Who had hits with Go Now and Nights in White Satin?
Which statesman was known as the Iron Chancellor?
What was left in Pandora's Box after all the evil escaped?
What type of bird was the first released by Noah?
What is the state capital of Florida?
How long is the Suex Canal to the nearers 5 kilometers?
Which is the only English queen never to have set foot on English soil?
Who was sacked as the Beatles' drummer and replaced by Ringo Starr?
In which is Shakespeare's plays are the title character's last words the rest is silence?
Tsar Nicholas I abidacated in 1917, who was the other monarch to abdicate during this period?
Which Roman Emperor was allegedy killed by his wife, Aggripina, in AD54?
Whose last words were Et Tu Brute according to Shakespeare?
Mel Gibson (1990) and Kenneth Branagh (1996) have both played which character in movies?
What is the most southerly tip of Britain called?
The original United Artists film studio was founded in 1919 by D.W. Griffith, Mary Pickford, Douglas Fairbanks and who else?
How many eyes does a bee have?
Which Holiday movie favourite featured a character called Kevin McCallister?
Name the four Pevensie children in the Chronicles of Narnia books.
Which British artist achieved notoriety in 1976 after confessing to faking old masters?
Who was the author of Pygmalion'?
Who was the third President of the USA, following on from George Washington and John Adams was also famed for his numerous inventions?
What is the minimum age of someone running for the office of President of the United States?
England won the 1966 World Cup beating Germany 4-2. Hurst scored 3 of England's goals who scored the other?
From which 1960s sci-fi movie did 1980s pop sensation Duran Duran take their name from a character from the movie?
What year did E.T. Hit the cinema screen?
The Red Sea is connected to the Indian Ocean by which gulf ?
The Red Setter is more properly known by which name?
What was the name of the World War I fighter ace nicknamed the Red Baron?
What is the capital of the U.S. state of Connecticut?
What was founded by Ferdinand II of Aragon and Isabella I of Castile to keep Catholic orthodoxy as the major religion of their kingdoms?
In golf, what name is given to a score of three under par on a given hole?
In dentistry, what is the name given to hardened dental plaque?
Which singer played the Goblin King Jareth in the film Labyrinth'?
Who played Aunty Entity' in the film 'Mad Max Beyond the Thunderdome'?
Name the fantasy movie directed by Terry Gilliam, where 6 dwarves have stolen a map.
Which TV comedy had characters McLaren, Blanco & Warren
In which TV series would you find an Eagle Transporter
Which jazz saxophonist was nicknamed Bird
Which patriotic Irving Berlin song includes the line  From the mountains to the prairie to the oceans white with foam ?
Who created the Miss World pageant?
In Egyptian myth who was the God of chaos and disorder?
What type of creature is a Painted Dragon?
Which method of painting consists of applying pigment to wet plaster?
Who is credited with the discovery of the tomb of King Tutankhamen in 1922?
The King of Wishful Thinking was a hit song used during the opening credits of the movie Pretty Woman. Who sang it?
What nationality was Marie Curie?
What dish, especially popular in parts of Wales and the English Midlands,  is traditionally made from pig's heart, liver and fatty belly meat or bacon minced together, with herbs added for flavouring and sometimes bread crumbs
What was the name of Shari Lewis' sassy sock puppet?
Captain Corelli's mandolin is a book a film set in which country
What was the top speed in miles per hour of the first ever train?
At the equator, in miles per hour, what speed of the ground beneath your feet, as a result of the Earth's rotation?
The Bull is the village pub in an everyday tale of country folk. In which village is The Bull?
What are the names of the two pubs in Hogsmeade where you can get a pint of butterbeer?
What is the second biggest city in the UK?
Who was the second wife of Henry VIII?
Which actor does the interviewing in 'Interview with a Vampire'?
In any given year in the UK are there more boys or girls born?
Who has the highest suicide rate in the UK?
What is the name for a figure of speech in which a term for a part of something refers to the whole of something ie a businessman is called 'a suit' or a car 'wheels'?
What is the connection between Answers 1 - 9?
What is the southernmost city in USA
In Vladimir Nabokov's book "Lolita", what is Lolita's real name?
Which Shakespeare play tells the story of Prospero, the rightful Duke of Milan?
Which RAF fighter-bomber was built by the Panavia partnership?
What was the name of the sixth studio album released by Prince and the Revolution in June of 1984?
A weapon with a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard, used for thrusting or striking and now typically worn as part of ceremonial dress?
The undersurface of a person's foot or of a shoe?
In which film series would you expect to film Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Malark?
"Rodney you plonka" and "This time next year we'll be millionaires" are catchphrases from which well-known television sitcom?
What did my true love bring to me on the Sixth Day of Christmas?
Louis Smith won an individual silver medal in gymnastics at the 2012 London Olympics. For what discipline?
Name one of the original 2 team captains on BBC's A Question of Sport Henry Cooper & Cliff Morgan
What animal did Reggie Perrin think of every time his Mother-in-law was mentioned?
What were the first names of all 3 Liverbirds?
Which former prime minister appeared on the Morecambe and Wise Christmas Special in 1978?
Where does the infamous "Streif" downhill ski race take place?
What song was a hit for Tom Jones and Cerys Matthews in 1999?
How many lines are there in a sonnet?
What is the American version of Strictly Come Dancing called?
District 12, Panem, North America
What is the lightest metal under standard conditions?
What artist designed the logo for Chupa Chups lollipops?
What is being built in the Olympic Park, that will be the world's longest and tallest of its kind?
In the 'Jungle Book' what type of creature was 'Bagheera'?
What was the first Beatles film?
What was the name of the Liverpool nightclub where the Beatles regularly played?
How many US states are prefixed by the word New?
Although he never won an Oscar for best director, one of Hitchcock's films did win an Oscar for best picture. What was the film?
In which New York borough would you find Hell’s Kitchen?
Which airline is nicknamed ‘The Flying Kangaroo’?
Which cartoon character had the maiden name ‘Slaghoople’?
‘Think Different’ is an advertising slogan for which company?
Which ‘A’ is a calculating frame with sliding balls on wires?
The rowan tree is also known as the Mountain ‘what’?
Which ‘A’ means in the open air?
Buenos Aires is the capital of which South American country?
Apiculture is the raising and care of which creatures?
What is the capital of Indonesia?
Which vegetable was the first to be canned?
In computers, the X-Y Position Indicator for a Display System is now known as what?
The Khyber Pass is approximately how many miles long?
Which fruit did Nell Gwynn, mistress of King Charles II, sell in Drury Lane?
The town of Tobermory is on which Scottish island?
In the novel ‘Wuthering Heights’ by Emily Bronte, Catherine’s father found Heathcliffe on the streets of which English city?
Which Asian country hosted its first Formula One Grand Prix motor race in October 2010?
In UK currency, how many sides does a twenty pence piece have?
In humans, otalgia, is the medical term for what?
British MP, Diane Abbott, learned to play which musical instrument in the tv series ‘Play It Again’?
Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner became President of which South American country in December 2007?
In Greek mythology, what was the name of the nymph who fell in love with Narcissus, but who was said to have pined away when her love was not returned, leaving only her voice?
The Marquesas Islands lie in which ocean?
Keflavik is the main international airport of which country?
Which British artist’s works include ‘The First Real Target’?
Which King of England sold Dunkirk to Louis XIV of France?
What was the middle name of US actor James Dean?
Which French author wrote the fairy tales ‘Little Red Riding Hood’ ‘Sleeping Beauty’ and ‘Puss in Boots’?
Author J.R.R. Tolkien was born in which country?
The pilgrim route to Santiago de Compostela in Northern Spain is known as the ‘Way’ of which saint?
Peter O’Sullevan was a BBC commentator for which sport?
Who was the first Hanover King of England?
Which group released an album in 1986 entitled ‘The Queen is Dead’?
Which British Prime Minister said of Downing Street ‘One of the most precious jewels in the national heritage’?
Antigonus is a character in which Shakespeare play?
Which British monarch famously said ‘I don’t wish to open windows into men’s souls’?
Which bodily fluid is collected in a lachrymatory?
Which British singer played Jareth the Goblin King in the 1986 film ‘Labyrinth’?
Golfer Ernie Els was born in which country?
Aconcagua is the highest mountain in which mountain range?
The 1987 film ‘Cry Freedom’ is a biographical drama about which South African civil rights leader?
The present Speaker’s Chair in the House of Commons  in the UK was given by which country in 1951?
Which British actress played Valerie in the 1997 film ‘Nil By Mouth’?
What was the name of the Brazilian player who won the Women’s Singles Finals at Wimbledon in 1959, 1960 and 1964?
Apart from English, what is the official language of Canada?
What is the name of the steam locomotive which set the world speed record in July 1938 by reaching 126 mph on the East Coast Mainline  in England?
Singer and musician Bono called which venue ‘Rock and roll’s great cathedral’?
What type of creature is a bufflehead?
The 1950’s Mau Mau uprising was against the British occupation of which country?
What is a positively charged ion called?
Which 5th/6th Century Buddhist monk is described in Chinese texts as ‘The Blue-Eyed Barbarian’?
In which part of the human body is the limbic system?
Which year saw the only hijacking of a British commercial flight?
What was the name of the Cunard ocean liner which was launched on 20th September 1906?
Which European city had the world’s first birth control clinic?
In which James Bond film does actress Jane Seymour play Solitaire?
What type of creature is a tanager?
In ‘Follow That Camel’, the fourteenth Carry On film, Sid James was replaced by which US actor?
A mahout is a person who works, tends and rides which animal?
How many medals did the United States win at the 2010 Winter Olympics?
‘The Weeping Woman’ is the work of which artist?
Theology is the study of what?
The Koppen System is a classification system for what?
In humans, a hemispherectomy is the removal of half of the what?
In Greek mythology, Tiresias disclosed the crimes of who?
The United Nations University is based in which Asian city?
What is the name of the iron hook which is attached to the pole used by fisherman to land a heavy fish?
Which English singer/songwriter/musician wrote the Tremeloes hit ‘Here Comes My Baby’ at the age of eighteen?
Mearth was the name of the child of which US tv characters?
In which state of the US is it illegal to mis-pronounce the name of the state?
The Strawberry Museum in the town of Wepion is in which country?
The Hotel Matignon is the official residence of the Prime Minister of which European country?
Which British politician became Member of Parliament for Epping in October 1924?
‘The Crafty Cockney’ was the nickname of which British darts player?
Which famous jewellers makes the Super Bowl Trophy?
Bedloe’s Island in New York Harbour, is the former name of which island?
What is the name of the Jewish spring festival which celebrates the exodus of the Israelites from Egypt?
Sadler’s Wells Ballet and the Vic-Wells Ballet were the previous names of which British ballet company?
Pascua is Spanish for which holiday?
The roller coaster ride called Rita is located at which English theme park?
Which is the first written single word number in which the letter ‘A’ appears?
In which year did Margaret Thatcher become British Prime Minister?
In January 1957, Russell Endean became the first batsman to be dismissed from a test cricket match for doing what?
What type of animal is a dik-dik?
Isoprene, Butyl and Nitrile are all types of which substance?
Taka is the basic monetary unit of which country?
Who does Emilio Estevez play in the 1988 film ‘Young Guns’?
Which Mediterranean island gained independence in 1959 under the presidency of Archbishop Makarios?
In medicine, chromotopsia is the term for abnormally coloured what?
Wanlockhead is the highest village in which European country?
What is the name of the two-dimensional surface with only one side/surface?
Which European country hosted the 1956 Winter Olympic Games?
‘Lofsongur’ is the national anthem of which country?
In Roman mythology, what was the name of the brother slain by Romulus?
In 1951, which European country saw the abdication of King Leopold lll in favour of his son Baudouin?
In medicine the MMR vaccination gives protection against which diseases?
Which heavyweight boxing champion knocked out Max Schmeling in the first round of their re-match at Yankee Stadium in New York City in June 1938?
A saluki is which type of animal?
What disease was Robert the Bruce, King of Scotland, said to have died of in 1329?
‘Divine Wind’ is the English translation of which Japanese word?
Which Flemish Baroque painter’s Antwerp home is now a museum?
In medicine, epiphora affects which part of the human body?
What nationality was 19th Century author Hans Christian Anderson?
What was the first name of the leader of the Zulus during the Anglo-Zulu war of 1879?
Which English singer has a pet Chihuahua called Buster?
Umberto ll was the last king of which European country?
Which US singing duo started out under the names Caesar and Cleo?
Fidel Castro, former President of Cuba, ordered which board game to be destroyed when he took power?
Which creature features on the label of a Bacardi rum bottle?
According to the Bible, who was the only apostle to witness the crucifixion of Jesus?
Who played the role of Caligula in the 1976 UK tv series ‘I, Claudius’?
What colour is the cross on the national flag of Denmark?
Who wrote the 1963 novel ‘The Spy Who Came in From the Cold’?
Composite, Shield and Cinder Cone are all types of what?
Mouldwarp is an old name for which creature?
All Saints Day is celebrated in France during which month of the year?
What is the name of Humphrey Bogart’s character in the film ‘Casablanca’?
What is the US state capital of Louisiana?
What is the title of the 1996 Oscar-winning documentary about the Muhammad Ali and George Foreman 1974 ‘Rumble in the Jungle’ fight in Zaire?
The Battle of Vimy Ridge took place in which country during World War l?
What colour is ‘Mr Man’ Mr Strong’s hat?
What are the first names of art duo Proesch and Passmore?
What was is the name of Penelope Pitstop’s car in the children’s tv cartoon series ‘Wacky Races’?
The Wang River is in which Asian country?
‘Brenda’ is the nickname of which famous person in the satirical magazine ‘Private Eye’?
Which tennis player was known as the Rockhampton Rocket?
The ports of Puck and Jastarnia are in which European country?
Which famous racehorse won Australia’s Melbourne Cup in 1930?
Amr Shabana from Egypt is famous for playing which sport?
How many pounds are in a UK (long) ton?
Cobweb is a fairy in which Shakespeare play?
Apimania is an obsession with which creatures?
Which part of the body are babies born without but develop from cartilaginous material that builds into bone in later life?
In 1216, English monarch King John was said to have lost the crown jewels while crossing which body of water?
Which British playwright was killed with a hammer by his lover Keith Haliwell in 1967?
What is the nickname of baseball star Jimmie Foxx?
The Free Officers Movement was composed of young junior army officers committed to unseating the monarchy of which African country?
In which year was the storming of the Bastille, which started the French Revolution?
Who was the first poet to be buried at Poet’s Corner in London’s Westminster Abbey?
‘The Night of the Long Knives’ refers to which leader eliminating many of his political enemies?
Hans Holbein the Younger was court painter to which English monarch?
Who was the illustrator for most of Roald Dahl’s stories for children?
The 1958 film ‘Gigi’ was based on the novel by which French author?
‘Back to Bedlam’ was the debut album for which British singer?
Which US gangster was released from Alcatraz prison in November 1939?
The fictional characters William Dobbin and Rawdon Crawley appear in which novel?
Who does the commentary in the UK tv programme ‘Come Dine With Me’?
Hidrosis is the medical term for which bodily function?
The town of Honiton in Devon is famous for producing what?
Which two colours make up the national flag of Greenland?
Which national team beat Hungary 4-2 to win the 1938 FIFA World Cup?
Yellow-pine, Uinta and Lodgepole are all types of which animal?
Who plays Daphne in the 2002 film ‘Scooby-Doo’?
The Euro is divided into how many cents?
In the NATO phonetic alphabet which word represents the letter ‘C’?
Which former RAF pilot wrote the novel ‘Airport’?
A creance is the name of the long fine cord used in which sport?
In the UK tv series ‘Mr Bean’, what model car does Mr Bean drive?
Rodolfo and Mimi are the main characters in which opera by Giacomo Puccini?
In which year did it become compulsory to wear seat belts in front seats of cars in the UK?
Which country was invaded by Iraq in 1990?
The Oroville Dam is in which US state?
What was the name of the Prime Minister of Egypt who was assassinated in 1910?
The OK Corral is in which US town?
In Greek mythology, Amphitrite, queen of the sea, was the wife of which god?
On which part of the body would a mukluk be worn?
Sandygate Road football and cricket stadium is in which English city?
How many hundredweight are in a UK ton?
Smoky, Leaf-nosed and Vesper are all species of which creature?
In Indian cookery, what is a dosa?
‘Make Them Wait’ is rhyming slang for which Bingo number?
How many stars are on the national flag of Liberia?
What is the US state capital of Idaho?
In the children’s tv cartoon series, who is Inspector Gadget’s arch enemy?
Astrakhan is the curly hair of which young animal?
Nguyen Tan Dung became Prime Minister of which country in June 2006?
Boll weevil cause damage to which crop?
What is the forward part of a ship called below the deck, traditionally used as the crew’s living quarters?
What type of creature is a Dog Face?
Which city hosted the 1992 Summer Olympic Games?
Steve Martin and which other actor hosted the 2010 Academy Awards?
Which British monarch founded the Yeomen of the Guard, originally as a royal bodyguard?
Which member of the British royal family married on the 29th April 2011?
Which Italian fashion designer launched the first virtual online museum in December 2011?
In Greek mythology, who was the first wife of Aegeus?
Which breed of dog is Marley in the 2008 film ‘Marley and Me’?
‘Giovedi’ is the Italian word for which day of the week?
How many stars are on the national flag of New Zealand?
Scatology is the scientific study of what?
La Paz is the administrative capital of which South American country?
In the game of Bingo, ‘Get up and run’ represents which number?
In February 1938, Roberto M. Ortiz became President of which South American country?
Which poet wrote ‘The Lake Isle of Innisfree’?
In September 2006 the government of Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra was overthrown in which Asian country?
Who wrote the 1930’s novel ‘Tender is the Night’?
Which annual motor event did former Armani model Maximillion Cooper found in 1999?
Maria Fitzherbert was ‘married’ to which British monarch?
Amarelo is Portuguese for which colour?
On a standard dartboard, which number lies opposite number 4?
Mount Chimborazo is in which South American country?
What is the basic monetary unit of Israel?
In which European country is Lake Ree?
Who wrote the poem ‘The Lady of the Lake’?
Henry Blake, Charles Winchester and Father Mulcahy are all characters in which US tv series?
‘Obey your thirst’ is the advertising slogan for which soft drink?
Selenology is the scientific study of which celestial body?
‘A crutch and a duck’ is the term for which bingo number?
Spud, Shot and Hand are all types of what?
In the game ‘Metal Gear Solid’,who is the twin brother of Solid Snake?
What did fictional detective Sherlock Holmes keep in the toe of his Persian slipper?
Which creatures are used as croquet balls in the novel ‘Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland’?
Which Spanish artist painted the series known as ‘Fantasy and Invention’ in the 18th century?
‘Mucke’ is the Serbo-Croatian name for which UK tv series?
Comedian, actor and director Melvin Kaminsky is better known by what name?
The Belgian beer ‘Kriek’ is flavoured with which fruit?
The Forest of Arden is in which English county?
Louis Reard created which two-piece item of clothing in 1946?
What colour are the flowers of a hawkbit plant?
In which British city is the Jewry Wall Museum?
What is the main ingredient of borscht soup?
Thanatology is the scientific study of what?
Which author wrote ‘I came form Des Moines. Somebody had to.’ in their book ‘The Lost Continent’?
Which actor succeeded Marlon Brando as head of the Corleone family in the Godfather films?
Brown, American Rainbow and Cutthroat are all types of which fish?
Who designed St Paul’s Cathedral in London?
What colour is the liqueur ‘Parfait d’Amour’?
What is the name of the clarified butter used in Indian cookery?
In the 2005 Julian Barnes novel ‘Arthur and George’, who is Arthur?
In humans, epicondylitis affects which part of the body?
The UEFA (Union of European Football Associations) was founded in which European country in 1954?
From which 1968 film did English band Duran Duran take their name?
What is the title of the first record ever broadcast on BBC Radio 1 in the UK?
The ‘La Scala Opera House’ is in which European city?
Who is the lead singer of the English band ‘The Specials’?
Elvis Presley’s manager, Andreas Cornelis van Kujik, was better known by what name?
The Transandine Railway runs between which two South American countries?
Sinology is the study of the language, history and culture of which country?
On the human body, a keloid is a type of what?
In the British military, a bombadier is equivalent to which other rank?
What type of animal is Baloo in the novel ‘The Jungle Book’ by Rudyard Kipling?
Tirana is the capital of which European country?
In our solar system, which is the sixth planet from the sun?
Composer Giacomo Puccini died leaving which opera unfinished?
King Louie, Akela and Ziggy are all characters in which Disney film?
‘Impossible is nothing’ is the motto of which sportswear company?
Who wrote the play ‘The Iceman Cometh’?
Which children’s playground game is sometimes called ‘Fivestones’, ‘Knucklebones’ or ‘Snobs’?
Mr and Mrs Potato Head appear in which film franchise?
How many square stickers are on each face of a classic Rubik’s Cube?
Who composed the ballet ‘Swan Lake’?
In 1818, British obstetrician James Blundell performed the first successful human what?
In cooking, 190 degrees Celsius is the equivalent to which Gas Mark?
What do the interior angles of a hexagon add up to in degrees?
The roe of lumpfish is used as a substitute for which delicacy?
In Vermont, USA, there is an old law stating that it is illegal for women to wear what without their husbands written consent?
In medicine, algology is the study of what?
How many imperial gallons are in a firkin?
The meibomian gland is found in which part of the human body?
The Manuel M.Torres Dam is the largest hydro plant in which country?
Which British swimmer won Olympic Gold Medals in 2008 in the 400 and 800 m freestyle?
In the NATO phonetic alphabet, which word represents the letter I?
Which US author wrote ‘The Naked and the Dead’, based on his military service in World War II?
Which Brooklyn-born author had parents named Malachy and Angela?
What is the title of the 1944 film starring Barbara Stanwyck as the wife who seduces an insurance salesman into killing her husband?
What is the nickname of Thierry Guetta, the French-born street-artist?
Wolf Mankowitz wrote the 1953 novel ‘A Kid For Two….’what’?
What is the name of a triangle which has sides unequal in length?
‘Quicksilver’ is another name for which metallic element?
What is the name of the Japanese dish of bite-sized pieces of raw fish served with dipping sauces, vegetables and wasabi?
Who is recognised as Britain’s first Prime Minister?
In the human body, which bone connects the humerus with the calvicle?
The Cuatro Torres Business Area is in which European city?
The first issue of which British children’s comic was published in April 1950?
The 1951 ‘Treaty of Peace With Japan’ which served to officially end World War II, is commonly known as what?
The Tumut Hydroelectric Power Station is in which Australian state?
Who always holds the title of the Supreme Governor of the Church of England?
How many players are on the field in a baseball team?
In the poem ‘Monday’s Child’, what is Wednesday’s child full of?
In London in 1788, the ‘Daily Universal Register’ was relaunched as which newspaper?
Which clothing chain was founded by brothers Clemens and August Brenninkmeijer in 1841?
Falange was the name given to several political movements and parties dating from the 1930’s in which European country?
In the novel ‘Jane Eyre’ by Charlotte Bronte, what is the name of Mr Rochester’s first wife?
Which fictional character is the subject of George Frampton’s bronze statue in Kensington Gardens, London?
Who wrote the novel ‘The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie’?
Sindh is a province of which Asian country?
Madame de Pompadour and Madame du Barry were mistresses of which French King?
Odontology is the scientific study of what?
The wine ‘Bull’s Blood’ of Eger is produced in which country?
The 1932 film ‘The Mask of Fu Manchu’ revolves around Fu Manchu’s quest for the sword and mask of which historical figure?
In the 1983 film ‘Christine’, directed by John Carpenter, what is Christine?
The mask worn in the 1996 film ‘Scream’ is based on a painting by which artist?
Which US athlete won a gold medal for the high jump in the 1968 Summer Olympics?
In which London street does fictional character Sweeney Todd have his barber shop?
The Nullarbor Plain is in which country?
What is the official language of Nicaragua?
Who wrote the plays ‘The Cocktail Party’ and ‘The Family Reunion’?
Used in cooking, agar-agar is a gelatin made from what?
The fictional character ‘Disco Stu’ appears in which US cartoon tv Series?
Marie Antoinette, Queen of France and Navarre, was born in which country?
The song ‘Seventy Six Trombones’ is from which musical show?
Which US President was given the nickname the ‘Great Engineer’?
In the human body, what is stored in adipose tissue?
A craniotomy is the surgical removal of a portion of which part of the human body?
Which country will host the 2014 FIFA World Cup?
Which country has the internet domain .de?
A sequicentenary is an anniversary of how many years?
What is the International Vehicle Registration for Cambodia?
Opera singer Leyla Gencer was born in which European country?
In which South American country does Angostura Bitters originally come from?
The Hel Peninsula is part of which European country?
Which US singer released a 2010 album entitled ‘The Lady Killer’?
How many months is the gestation period for an elephant?
Raclette, Tilsit and Sbrinz are all types of which foodstuff?
Adam Richman takes on food challenges in which US television series?
Creme Anglaise is the French version of which English dessert item?
Who was known as the ‘Waltz King’ of Vienna?
Erotology is the study of what?
‘The King of Barataria’ is the subtitle of which Gilbert and Sullivan operetta?
Sufferers, Locksmen and Dreads are followers of which religion?
The 1965 film ‘The Heroes of Telemark’ is set in which European country?
What colour are the two stars on the national flag of Syria?
In humans, Duane Syndrome affects which part of the body?
Taphephobia is the abnormal fear of being what?
What relation was Louis XV of France to Louis XIV of France?
What type of leaves does a koala feed on?
Which French aristocrat, revolutionary, politician, born in 1740, fled with his manservant to Italy after being sentenced to death for sodomy and poisoning?
What is the name of the village druid in the comic strip ‘Asterix’?
In which English county was former British Prime minister Margaret Thatcher born?
In the British monarchy, who succeeded Queen Anne to the throne?
Who directed the 1941 film ‘The Maltese Falcon’?
The 1981 film ‘Chariots of Fire’ was based on the stories of which two British athletes?
Composer Evangelos Odysseas Papathanassiou is better known by what name?
Which US Olympic swimmer is nicknamed the ‘Baltimore Bullet’?
Which is the only nation to have won at least one medal in every Summer Olympic Games?
The medical condition aphakia affects which part of the body?
Politician Lev Davidovich Bronshtein was better known by what name?
In which English cathedral is the tomb of King John?
Lupine relates to which animal?
Who composed the ‘Haffner Serenade’ (Serenade no.7) for the sister of his friend Sigmund Haffner, for her wedding festivities in 1776?
The Riel is the currency of which Southeast Asian country?
what is the 21st letter of the Greek alphabet?
In human biology, Ithyphallophobia is the fear of what?
What was the name of the concert held at the Cleveland Arena, Ohio, on 21st March 1952, said to be the world’s first major rock & roll concert?
Who wrote the 1968 novel ‘2001: A Space Odyssey’?
The Lord Advocate is the chief law officer in which European country?
What is the US state capital of Kansas?
Who was the only British Prime Minister to hold office during the reign of King Edward VIII?
In which European country is the port of St Malo?
Which chemical element is represented by the symbol ‘Rn’?
What is the modern international unit of energy measured in?
Which type of lens is thicker at the centre than at the edge, as used in microscopes?
All matter in the Universe was said to be created by the ‘Big….what’ nearly 14 billion years ago?
‘Bellis perennis’ is the Latin name for which flower?
Who wrote the novel ‘Seven Pillars of Wisdom’?
Which US burlesque dancer and model was born Heather Renee Sweet?
What are the first names of the two dancing instructors in the UK television series ‘Hi De Hi’?
Poopdeck Pappy is which fictional character’s father?
What was painter Rubens first name?
Coleopterology is the study of which insects?
On a standard dartboard, which number lies between 4 and 6?
Who was the last Catholic monarch to reign over England?
Round the Clock, Hare and Hounds, Cricket and Shanghai are all games played on which type of board?
Tewkesbury Mustard is mentioned in which Shakespeare play?
Which are the only mammals to have wings?
The Archibald Fountain is in which Australian city?
What is the square root of 169?
‘No dragons were harmed in the making of this movie’ is in the credits of which film?
Which British-American actress died on 23rd March 2011, aged 79?
Who became US President John Kennedy’s Vice President in 1961?
Who wrote the novel ‘The Eagle Has landed’?
The Zugsptize is the highest mountain in which European country?
In medicine, pyrosis is the technical term for which condition?
Shashlik is what type of food dish?
Monterrey, Puebla and Toluca are cities in which country?
Psychoanalyst A A Brill described what as ‘Torches of Freedom’ in the 1920’s, as symbols of equality for women?
In the novel ‘Watership Down’, Yona is what type of creature?
Who became leader of the British Conservative Party in July 1965?
Timothy Q Mouse, Mr Stork and Jim Crow are all characters in which Disney film?
The Bledisloe Cup is contested by Australia and New Zealand in which sport?
What type of camel has two humps?
Ommatophobia is the irrational fear of which part of the body?
Inspector Bucket is a character in which novel by Charles Dickens?
Who played factory boss Danny Baldwin in the British television soap ‘Coronation Street’?
Maria Dickin was the founder of which British animal charity in 1917?
Which tennis player was dubbed ‘Superbrat’ by the British press?
In 1883 which Indonesian volcano erupted and was believed to be the largest single explosion in recorded human history?
Blinky, Mr Teeny and Jub-Jub are all animals in which US animated television series?
Stanislaw August Poniatowski was the last king of which European country?
In which country would you traditionally see a settlement called a Kibbutz?
One of the Wonders of the Modern World, The Catacombs of Alexandria are in which country?
Who is universally accepted to be the first Roman Emperor?
Who wrote the political treatise ‘The Prince’, published in 1532?
Which US actor appeared in the films ‘Ironweed’, ‘The Pledge’ and ‘Easy Rider’?
Who discovered the electrical nature of lightning through his famous kite experiment in 1750?
Which month of the year comes third alphabetically?
Composers Joseph Haydn and Franz Schubert were born in which country?
Armistice Day (or Remembrance Day) takes place during which month of the year?
The official birthday of British monarch Queen Elizabeth II falls during which month in the UK?
In Greek mythology, what is Erinys?
The ‘what’….House Rule’ is a core principle that governs the confidentiality of the source of information received at a meeting?
In fashion, who designed the ‘New Look’ in 1947?
In 1968, who did radical feminist Valerie Solanas shoot and wound as he entered his New York studio?
What is the title of Simon and Garfunkel’s only UK number one hit single?
Who wrote the book of verses ‘Now We Are Six’?
Who played Beverley Hills hairdresser George Roundy in the 1975 film ‘Shampoo’?
Ligustrum is the Latin name for which shrub?
A Batrachophile collects figures of which creatures?
The Fitzwilliam Museum is in which English city?
Which English football team play their home games at Vicarage Road?
How many balls are on a snooker table at the beginning of a game?
In which US state is the world’s largest volcano?
Which is the highest waterfall in the world?
A Violent Storm is which number on the Beaufort Scale?
What type of creature is a bananaquit?
In betting, what odds are known as a ‘Carpet’?
Bullfighting is central to which Ernest Hemingway non-fiction book?
Which French painter lived and worked in Tahiti?
What is the first name of James bond villain Dr No?
What is the art of hand-making cricket bats called?
What is the second event of a men’s decathlon?
Gerascophobia is the persistent fear of doing what?
By what nickname was English serial killer and armed robber Donald Neilson known?
Which late English singer released albums entitled ‘Frank’ and ‘Back to Black’?
Who was British Prime Minister between Winston Churchill’s two terms in office?
Who succeeded Alf Ramsey as England (caretaker) football manager in 1974?
What is the capital of Uzbekistan?
Which British fashion designer was commissioned by Stanley Kubrick to design the costumes for the film ‘2001: A Space Odyssey’?
In the Charles Dickens novel ‘Oliver Twist’ what is the name of Bill Sykes dog?
The Isis is the upper reach of which British river?
What is the official language of Barbados?
Elliot Carver is the villain in which James Bond film?
Which line on the London Undergound rail system is the only line which interconnects with every other line?
James Gandolfini plays the sadistic military prison commandant Colonel Winter in which 2001 film starring Robert Redford?
Which is the largest borough in New York City?
What is a female gerbil called?
In the children’s television series ‘Ivor the Engine’ what is the name of the dragon?
The Hindhead Tunnel is in which English county?
What is a group of ferrets called?
Gentoo, Adelie and Macaroni are all species of which bird?
What is the ‘lead’ in pencils made from?
What is the system of raised dots called which blind people use to read with their fingers?
In fashion Straight Cut, Boot Cut and Skinny are all types of what?
Teutophobia is the irrational fear of which country and its culture?
What is the medical term for high blood pressure?
The UK television series ‘Father Ted’ is set on which fictional island?
In April 1963, Lester Bowles Pearson became Prime Minister of which country?
English novelist Barbara McCorquodale was better known by what name?
What was the first name of the older sister of German-born diarist Anne Frank?
Phillip Schofield, Jason Donovan and Donny Osmond have all played the starring role in which stage musical?
Who plays Nellie Forbush in the 2001 remake of the film ‘South Pacific’?
Spelunking is the exploration of what, especially as a hobby?
The chemical compound Thujone is best known for being present in which alcoholic drink?
‘Corylus’ is the Latin name for which plant?
What is the title of the final and unfinished novel by Charles Dickens?
In the nursery rhyme ‘Oranges and Lemons’, the bells of which church said ‘You owe me five farthings’?
In which country was the 2006 FIFA World Cup held?
In the US, which state lies to the west of New Hampshire?
Which Radio 2 DJ christened ‘Dallas’ character Lucy Ewing ‘The Poison Dwarf’?
What is the longest river in Canada?
What is the US state capital of Alabama?
The day after Shrove Tuesday is known as ‘What’….Wednesday’?
Who wrote the 1951 novel ‘From here to Eternity’?
Which Olympic athlete is nicknamed ‘The Lightning Bolt’?
What was the name of the band, featuring members of Thin Lizzy and the Sex Pistols, which recorded a 1979 song called ‘A Merry Jingle’?
What is the nickname of the great bell of the clock at the north end of the Palace of Westminster in London?
In January 1971, Idi Amin deposed Milton Obote in a coup to become President of which country?
In June 1978, who became the first cricketer to score a century and take eight wickets in one inning in a Test Match?
What is a female skunk called?
The name Jessica was invented by William Shakespeare for which of his plays?
In the Bible, how many psalms make up the Book of Psalms?
Which bridge connects Detroit, Michigan, USA and Windsor, Ontario, Canada?
The Cartier Racing Awards are competed for in which sport?
In November 1975 Juan Carlos was declared King of which European country?
Brenda Ann Spencer’s justification for opening fire at a San Diego school on January 29th 1979 inspired which song by The Boomtown Rats?
In 1610, who became the first person to observe Saturn’s rings through a telescope?
What was the only film directed by Cecil B DeMille in which actor John Wayne appeared?
On a standard dartboard, which number lies between 12 and 20?
In which year did students first enrol in the Open University in the UK
In the human body, which pigment is primarily responsible for the colour of skin?
Rialto, Scalzi and Constitution are all bridges in which European city?
Michael J Fox travels back to which year in the Wild West in the 1990 film ‘Back To The Future Part III’?
Andy Coulson resigned as editor of which British newspaper in 2007?
What colour jumper does fictional character Rupert the Bear wear?
Jackpot Counter, Ghost Drop and Drop Zone are all terms used in which UK television game show?
In Ian Fleming’s novel ‘Moonraker’, Sir Hugo Drax is suspected of cheating at which game in the Mayfair club ‘Blades’?
Which 18th Century composer wrote ‘The Four Seasons’?
American singer Katheryn Hudson is better known by what name?
Who wrote the 1866 novel ‘Crime and Punishment’?
A throw of which number on each of a pair of dice is known as Snake Eyes?
What colour is a 100 Euro banknote?
‘Barwick Green’ is the theme tune to which BBC series?
Bearoff, Nullo Play and Quadrant are all terms used in which board game?
In which European city was the 1968 Eurovision Song Contest held?
The nictitating membrane is found on which part of animal’s body?
In fashion, Hobble, Pencil and Dirndl are all types of what?
Riff, Bernado and Joyboy are all characters in which musical?
‘My heart aches, and a drowsy numbness pains, My sense, as though of hemlock I had drunk’ are the opening lines of which poem?
What is the common single-celled green algae which is responsible for turning stagnant water an opaque green?
Confederatio Helvetica was the former name of which modern-day country?
What is the name of the fictional school in the UK television series ‘Please Sir’?
What is Tom Cruise’s job in the 1996 film ‘Jerry Maguire’?
What value is a purple Euro banknote?
Which British band released their debut album ‘Definitely Maybe’ in 1994?
‘The Queen was in the parlour eating bread and honey’ in which nursery rhyme?
Who plays the bounty hunter Carson Wells in the 2007 film ‘No Country For Old Men’?
British comedian/presenter Clive, Scottish singer/musician Ian and English footballer Vivian all share which surname?
The holiday resort of Paphos is on which Mediterranean island?
How many games are usually played in a badminton match?
What is the title of the 1976 film about the Watergate Scandal, starring Robert Redford and Dustin Hoffman?
What is the name of the Japanese sliding door or partition, made of a latticed screen covered with white paper?
To ‘Defenestrate’ is to throw something or someone out of what?
An oropendola is what type of creature?
A rinkhals is what type of creature?
During which year was Washington DC declared the capital of the USA?
Which British film, starring Ralph Fiennes, won nine Oscars in 1997?
Who played boxer Jim Braddock in the 2005 film ‘Cinderella man’?
Who plays murderous hitch-hiker John Ryder in the 1986 film ‘The Hitcher’?
Who replaced Iraqi President Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr in July 1979?
Which northern English beer was originally launched by Col. James Porter in 1927?
Who created the Star Wars series of films?
In the Star Wars series of films what is the name of the slug-like alien who had a bounty on Han Solo, who owed him money for dumping an illegal cargo?
What is the capital of Guyana?
What type of creature is a francolin?
In rugby union, the Cook Cup is a challenge cup contested by which two countries?
What is the fin called underneath the rear of a surfboard?
Who wrote the screenplay for the 1994 film ‘Four Weddings and a Funeral’?
In the US, where would a busboy work?
What type of plant is a nardoo?
In the television series ‘Thunderbirds’, what is Lady Penelope’s surname?
Fiji Day is celebrated in Fiji during which month of the year?
Who played Grandad in the UK television series ‘Only Fools and Horses’?
In 1784, who designed the first power loom?
Which city hosted the 1980 Summer Olympics, which were boycotted by over 60 nations?
The Gilles Villeneuve Formula One racing circuit is in which country?
Which motorcycle company introduced the Jet Ski in 1972?
How many feathers, traditionally, form the cone of a badminton shuttlecock?
Which tennis player, born in 1946, was nicknamed ‘Nasty’?
What was US gangster Al Capone’s nickname?
What type of food dish is a ‘London Particular’?
Which German philosopher wrote ‘Das Kapital’?
In the UK, the LTA is the governing body of which sport?
Bombay Sapphire is what type of alcoholic drink?
Gymnogynomania is an urge to spy on people while they are doing what?
Who played Brad Pitt’s wife Theresa Mills in the film ‘Seven’?
Which band released a 1999 album entitled ‘The Man Who’?
Which island group in the South Atlantic was once known as the Sebald Islands?
Who was best man at ex-Beatle Paul McCartney’s wedding to Nancy Shevell?
What does the title of the play ‘Die Rauber’, by German playwright Friedrich Schiller, translate to in English?
Which English football club play their home games at Craven Cottage?
Which two American 400 metre runners were banned for life from the Olympics after being disrespectful when collecting their medals at the 1972 Summer Olympics?
John Curtin became Prime Minister of which country in 1941?
A Nychthemeron is a period of how many consecutive hours?
Brazilian football legend Pele wore which number on his shirt?
‘Swifter, Higher, Stronger’ is the motto for the modern ‘what’?
The Buddh International Formula One circuit is in which country?
In Greek mythology, what was hanging by a single horse hair over Damacles, after swapping places with Dioysius?
Which religion was founded by Guru Nanak in the 16th Century?
St Joseph’s Day is celebrated during which month of the year?
Dmitri Mendeleev is credited with the first version of which ‘table’?
Who plays Chicago police officer Sharon Pogue in the 2001 film ‘Angel Eyes’?
In Greek mythology, who stole fire from the gods and gave it to the human race?
What is the name of the monster’s creator in the 1818 novel of the same name by Mary Shelley?
Which is the largest state in the US?
What is the Japanese art of paper-folding called?
The stomach of which animal is traditionally stuffed for a haggis?
Which country was formerly known by the Greeks as Tylos?
Who played Margo Channing in the 1950 film ‘All About Eve’?
The city of Baghdad lies on which river?
On which side of the road do motorists drive in Australia?
Who is the host of the BBC television show QI?
Cut, colour, clarity and carat are all considered when purchasing what?
What was the name of the first wife of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher’s husband Denis?
What is the name of the cockerel in the UK television series ‘The Good Life’?
In humans, Gorham disease affects which part of the body?
Which English Rugby Union team play their home games at Adams Park?
In cricket, which nation won the 2009 Ashes series?
In the UK television series ‘Dad’s Army’, what was Lance-Corpopal Jack Jones occupation?
What is the name of the fictional club in the James Bond novel ‘Moonraker’?
Who published a 1754 book of his designs entitled ‘The Gentleman and Cabinet-Maker’s Director’?
Barney the Owl is a mascot of which English football club?
Which band released a 2001 album entitled ‘Amnesiac’?
Which is the most powerful chess piece?
How is the number ten written in Roman numerals?
Which drink is known as ‘The Wine of Islam’?
Which Russian author died at Astapovo Railway Station in 1910 of pneumonia?
In 2006, who was the first football player in World Cup history to win the ‘Best Young Player Award’?
Apart from white, what colour are the other two ‘triangles’ on the BMW logo?
Which Greek philosopher was said to have lived inside a barrel?
Which former Italian Prime Minister was kidnapped by The Red Brigade in 1978, and killed after 55 days in captivity?
The village of Tightwad is in which US state?
Gary, Jason, Mark and Howard are all members of which British band?
Vendredi is French for which day of the week?
How many US Presidents have been impeached?
Which four letter word beginning with B means to cause a floating log to spin rapidly by rotating it with the feet?
Which four letter word beginning with L is a light toboggan for one or two people, ridden in a sitting or supine position?
Which four letter word beginning with T is a small mountain lake?
Which American band had a 1970’s UK hit with ‘Let’s Work Together’?
In the nursery rhyme ‘As I Was Going To St Ives’ I met a man with how many wives?
What is the Turkish national sport?
Arturo Frondizi became president of which South American country in May 1958?
What does the Latin phrase ‘Ab aeterno’ translate to in English?
Which English religious leader founded The Religious Society of Friends (Quakers) in the 17th Century?
How many seconds are there in an hour?
What type of animal is a reedbuck?
On 7th July 2011 which UK tabloid was closed down because journalists were accused of phone-hacking?
Plaka is the old quarter of which European city?
In which city is George Eliot’s novel ‘Romola’ set?
Which British monarch was the first Head of the Commonwealth?
Who released a 2011 album entitled ‘Born This Way’?
Which British monarch was nicknamed ‘The Sailor King’?
Taphophobia is the fear of being what?
Nani, Cobra Bubbles and Captain Gantu are all characters in which Disney film?
Which ‘S’ is a group of geese in flight?
Limburger cheese is made from the milk of which animal?
On June 4th 1979, Joe Clark became the 16th and youngest Prime Minister of which country?
Davide Santon, Dino Zoff and Simone Barone have all played for which national football team?
What is footballer Ryan Giggs real surname?
On a map of the London Underground, what colour is the Northern Line?
In the game of golf, an Albatross is how many strokes under par for a given hole?
Which fictional UK television doctor lives in Tannochbrae?
David Lloyd George was British Prime Minister during the reign of which monarch?
How many BTU’s  (British Thermal Units) in one therm?
Which bodybuilding competition, first held in 1965, was created by Joe Weider to enable Mr Universe winners to continue competing and to earn money?
Which 2008 musical film is set on the fictional Greek island of Kalokairi?
On a standard dartboard, what number lies opposite 18?
Long An Provence is in which Asian country?
Tennis player Martina Hingis was born in which European country?
What was the first name of the mother of US President Barack Obama?
The famous Badnutt’s Palace Hotel is in which European winter resort?
In which 1993 film does Nicholas Cage play drifter Michael Williams who is mistaken for a hitman?
What is the name of the sidekick of cartoon superhero DangerMouse?
Which famous UK television duo provide the voices for the main characters in the children’s program ‘Engie Benjy’?
Giugno is Italian for which month of the year?
What, generally, is the par on a 300 yard golf hole?
Michaelmas Day is celebrated on the 29th of which month?
What is the extra murder weapon in the 1999 50th Anniversary Cluedo game?
British actor Maurice Micklewhite is better known by what name?
Which US singer/musician played Leather Tuscadero in the television show ‘Happy Days’?
What is the name of the female alter-ego of Turner Prize winner Grayson perry?
For how many years was Richard III king of England?
Where did Richard III ‘imprison’ his two young nephews in order to eliminate them from succession to the throne so that he could gain the crown of England?
According to British superstition, ‘Marry in ‘when’ and you’ll live to rue the day’?
The heaviest swinging bell in England is in which cathedral?
Which is the only sign of the Zodiac represented by an object, rather than a person or animal?
The chemical element antimony is found in nature mainly as which sulphite mineral?
Uncas is a principle character in which 1826 novel by James Fenimore Cooper?
Which 1983 film starring Shirley MacLaine and Debra Winger won 5 Oscars (Academy Awards)?
How many legs does a ladybird have?
How often does a national census take place in Britain?
A Malamute is what type of animal?
Cartoon character Penrod Pooch is better known by what name?
Vingt-et-Un is which number in English?
Which New York airport was re-named after late President John F Kennedy?
‘The Battle of the Ages’ took place in April 1991 between George Foreman and which other boxer?
The Suez Canal joins the Red Sea and which other body of water?
In 1746, Scottish naval surgeon James Lind pioneered the treatment of which disease?
All Saints Day is celebrated on the 1st of which month?
In religion, there are how many Stations of the Cross?
Kenneth Wolstenholme was a commentator for which sport?
Dydd Mawrth is Welsh for which day of the week?
The term ‘Heavy metal’ is said to have first appeared in which 1968 song?
Which island group became known as The Friendly Islands?
In June 1971, who was the first indigenous Australian to become a member of the Parliament of Australia?
Blaze, Bubble and Shootout are all terms used in which card game?
The English towns of Abingdon, Wallingford and Marlow lie on which river?
Giallo is Italian for which colour?
‘Little Boy’ and ‘Fat Man’ were US codes for what during World War II?
What number shirt did England rugby union player Jonny Wilkinson wear in the 2011 World Cup?
The cup, or bowl, Jesus was said to have used at the Last Supper is known as ‘The Holy ‘what’?
Bryan Ferry was the lead singer of which 1970’s band?
US professional wrestler and actor Terry Gene Bollea is better known by what name?
In the 1945 novel ‘Animal Farm’, how many commandments were originally written by Snowball?
What is the name of the character played by actor Nicholas Lyndhurst in the British television series ‘Goodnight Sweetheart’?
The national opera company Opera North is based in which English city?
A Caduceus, a staff with two serpents twined around it, is associated with which profession?
A ‘Beaver Moon’ is the first full moon which occurs during which month of the year?
‘Probably the best lager in the world’ is the advertising slogan for which brand of lager?
Mr Worldly Wisemen appears in which 17th Century book?
The ‘Mahlabatari Declaration of Faith’ was a statement of core principles laid down by the political leaders of which country in 1974?
Scottish artist, Sir Henry Raeburn was knighted by which British monarch in 1822?
Who won the 1989 Ladies Singles Wimbledon Championship?
What is the title of the film considered to be the debut of cartoon character Mickey Mouse?
What is the young of a hawk called?
Mossel Bay is a harbour town which lies on the coast of which African country?
Which American car manufacturer has a logo which features three shields inside a circle?
Who was declared Model of the Millennium by Vogue editor Anna Wintour?
The infectious disease roup affects which creatures?
Which word can go after Cat, Board and Jay to make three other words?
Which word can go before Side, End and Ability to make three other words?
Which word can go before Hammer, Knife and Boot to make three other words?
Which word can go before Work, Guard and Dog to make three other words?
A pressure hull is part of which type of vessel?
Which politician was born Goldie Mabovich?
Which famous English highwayman was hanged for horse-stealing in April 1739?
Wilbroe beer is produced in which European country?
The Halle Orchestra was founded in which British city?
The shortest chapter in the Bible is in which book?
Which 1960 film is based on the 1954 film ‘Seven Samurai’?
The Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact, signed in August 1939, was between which two countries?
Who became the host of the BBC Radio 1 weekday breakfast show in September 2012?
Labour Day is celebrated in France during which month of the year?
Which religion uses a domed structure called a Stupa as a shrine?
Neal Foulds, John Dunning and Mark Williams are associated with which sport?
A turophile is a lover of which foodstuff?
The US team Miami Heat play which sport?
Soul Patch, Reed, Lincoln and Monkey Tail are all types of what?
How many players are on the field in a hurling team?
Who delivered their famous ‘The Lady’s Not For Turning’ speech in October 1980?
British band Lindisfarne had a 1971 hit album entitled ‘The Fog on the ‘where’?
The purple grenadilla is another name for which fruit?
What is the name of the spiritual leader of a community of Zen Buddhist monks?
In golf, the holing of a ball directly from a bunker is known as a ‘Golden ‘what’?
In Roman mythology, on which part of the body were talaria worn?
The Koppen Classification System is used for classifying what?
Who co-presents the UK television quiz show ‘Eggheads’?
The Museum of Bags and Purses is in which European city?
Which horse won the 2013 English Grand National at Aintree?
Which late British jockey’s autobiography is entitled ‘The Sport of Queens’?
Punchestown Racecourse is in which European country?
How many times did Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor marry?
In humans, microcephaly is having an abnormally small what?
Which land mammal has the longest tail?
The World Bog Snorkelling Championships are held annually in which European country?
The Kremlin is situated in which city?
The largest known volcano in our solar system is on which planet?
Which Scottish physician and novelist created Dr Finlay?
How many double-word score squares are there on a standard Scrabble board?
What it the title of the second James Bond film, which opened in the UK in 1963?
What were the names of the founder of British company JCB?
Thomas the Tank Engine lives on which fictional island?
In the Anna Sewell novel, what is Black Beauty?
In the game of Cluedo, what colour is the piece that represents Mrs Peacock?
American singer Al, late British television host Hughie and British businessman Philip all share which surname?
The fictitious station of Walford East, which features in the UK television series ‘Eastenders’, replaces which London Underground station on the tube map?
Who wrote the 1975 novel ‘The History Man’?
For how many years did English monarch King Henry III reign?
What colour is Lady Penelope’s car in the television puppet series ‘Thunderbirds’?
Which chain of European retailers began with a store near a crossroads in Annecy, France in 1958?
In the 1965 film ‘Those Magnificent Men in Their Flying Machines’, how much is the prize money, in pounds sterling, for the fastest flight from London to Paris?
Italy is divided into how many regions?
In the standard game of Monopoly, you go to jail if you throw how many consecutive sets of doubles on the dice?
Which late English singer was born Ronald William Wycherley in April 1940?
Which former English cricket umpire received an OBE in 2012?
In which year did the Boeing 747 make its maiden flight?
A quadruped is an animal with how many feet?
Who directed the 1969 film ‘Women in Love’, starring Oliver Reed and Glenda Jackson?
Who is the Greek equivalent of the Roman god Saturn?
Mount Entoto is the highest peak overlooking which African capital city?
A skink is what type of reptile?
Which country invaded the Falkland Islands in April 1982?
The 1960’s television series ‘Lost in Space’ is set in which year?
In 2012, Bradford City FC presented the Dalai Lama with a personalised club shirt with which number on the back?
If something is hamiform it is shaped like a ‘what’?
Michael, John, Steven and Susan are the children of which former US President?
Which train is the holder of the world speed record for steam locomotives?
The ‘Ffestiniog Railway’ in Wales runs from Blaenau Ffestiniog to which harbour town?
Which NATO member country has the smallest population?
Which English monarch banned the sale and consumption of coffee in a bid to close coffee houses, claiming they were places where people met to plot against him?
Who is the narrator on the UK television show The Only Way Is Essex?
The names of which late British radio presenter’s albums were published online in 2012 in a project called ‘The Space’?
In medicine, Epistaxiophobia is the fear of what?
The 2002 film ‘We Were Soldiers’ is set in which war?
What is the middle name of US actor Samuel L Jackson?
‘La Marcha Real’ (The Royal march) is the national anthem of which country?
A group of which fish is called a Lap?
What was the name of the boutique run by Malcolm McLaren and Vivienne Westwood at 430 King’s Road, London, between 1974 and 1976?
Which fashion brand had the advertising tagline ‘When you put it on, something happens’?
Which two countries has the most frequently crossed international border in the world?
What is the title of the 18th Century novel by Lawrence Sterne, which was published in nine volumes?
In 1973, which Chicago building became the tallest in the world?
Splenitis is the inflammation of which part of the body?
What is the title of Stephen King’s first novel published under his own name?
The Aviva Sports Stadium is in which European country?
What is zoophobia a fear of?
In the Shakespeare play ‘King Lear’, what is the name of King Lear’s youngest daughter?
In the Shakespeare play ‘The Tempest’, Prospero is the overthrown Duke of ‘where’?
‘Troilus and ‘who’ is the title of a play by William Shakespeare?
Philippa of Hainault was the wife of which English monarch?
In our solar system, the sun is composed of mostly which gas?
Late English criminal Bruce Reynolds masterminded which infamous robbery, which he later referred to as his ‘Sistine Chapel ceiling’
Rower Alex Partridge and hockey player Hannah Macleod had what stolen from a nightclub in October 2012?
Rolf Harris recorded a 1964 single calling for which member of The Beatles ‘For President’?
What type of creature is a saiga?
Which English peer and courtier has been the most popular candidate proposed for the authorship of Shakespeare’s works?
How many ‘E’ tiles are provided in a Scrabble game?
Which US artist married Lee Krasner in 1945?
Who played Gomez Addams in the 1993 film ‘Addams Family Values’?
In politics and economics, ‘what’ Wednesday refers to 16th September 1992, when the British government was forced to withdraw the pound sterling from the European Rate Mechanism, after they were unable to keep it above its agreed lower limit?
In June 1991, which late US President was exhumed to test whether his death was caused by arsenic poisoning and not gastrointestinal illness?
In May 1999, after over 20 years of restoration work, which painting by Leonardo da Vinci was placed back on display in Milan?
In March 1994, what was ‘David and Jerry’s Guide to the World Wide Web’ renamed?
Ray’s Jazz Cafe is situated inside which famous London bookshop?
In zoology, what is the term for animals that eat various or all kinds of food?
Late British singer-songwriter John Simon Ritchie was better known by what name?
In Roman mythology, sisters Megaera, Tisiphone and Alecto are known as the what?
What is the name of the villain Azal’s gargoyle servant in the BBC science fiction series Doctor Who?
How many squares does a Rubik’s Cube have on each side?
What is the surname of the family in the BBC comedy series ‘Outnumbered’?
Hedonophobia is the irrational fear of what?
What type of creature is a louvar?
In medicine, Daltonism (or deuteranopia) is better known by what name?
Queen Joan of Navarre, who was imprisoned for witchcraft, was the stepmother of which English monarch?
Said to be the birthplace of the rules of Association Football, Parker’s Piece is in which English city?
Grizzled Giant, Southern Flying and Provost’s are all types of which creature?
Who became British Prime Minister in October 1922?
Emelius Browne, Mr Jelk and Colonel Heller are all characters in which Disney film?
Which firework is said to be named after an instrument of torture on which a saint is said to have been martyred?
What is the square root of 144?
Who played Saffron Monsoon in the UK television comedy series ‘Absolutely Fabulous’?
What is the title of William Shakespeare’s shortest play?
‘Geocentrism’ is the belief that which planet is the centre of the Universe?
In which UK city is Headingley railway station?
Rapunzel, Mother Gothel and Paulo are all characters in which 2010 animated film?
Which, then fictional, award is mentioned in the opening scene of the 1950 film ‘All About Eve’, starring Bette Davis?
Artiodactyla Suidae is the scientific name for which farm animal?
Which UK television chef made Earl Grey and mandarin hot cross buns for Waitrose?
Acousticophilia is the sexual arousal by what?
The Florentine Girdle was a type of what?
Capnolagia is the arousal from watching others do what?
Which syndrome, a type of delusional jealousy of infidelity of a spouse or partner, is named after a Shakespearian character?
Which African country changed its capital city from Zomba to Lilongwe in January 1975?
The drummer of which band was the winner of the 2011 UK television show ‘Strictly Come Dancing’?
Noss, Unst, Lamba and Foula are part of which Scottish island group?
What was late singer Michael Jackson’s first solo UK number one hit single?
Tallahassee is the capital of which US state?
Which London Underground rail line was nicknamed the ‘Twopenny Tube’ for its flat fare?
Scleritis affects which part of the human body?
What is the name of the laboratory in New Jersey which is associated with Thomas Edison?
Which word derives from the Greek words for ‘star’ and ‘sailor’?
In the US television show ‘The Sopranos’, what is the name of Tony Soprano’s psychiatrist?
In the US television show ‘The Sopranos’, which country permanently banned Janice Soprano from entering after putting her on an Unwanted Persons list?
Which US President was born Lesley Lynch King Jr?
In humans, the medical condition Hyposmia affects which of the senses?
In which South Asian country is Phewa Lake?
Which London football club won the last FA cup final held at the old Wembley Stadium?
English sportswoman Charlotte Edwards is associated with which sport?
Which is the only US state to begin with the letter ‘U’?
Who played Thelma in the UK television series ‘The Likely Lads’?
In Greek mythology, how many heads does Cerberus, the dog who guards the entrance to Hades, usually have?
Bernard, Deadeye, Orville and Madame Medusa are all characters in which Disney filmn
The Royal Shakespeare Company is based in which British town?
How many ‘Triangles’ are there on the logo of car manufacturer BMW?
Terry Molloy, David Gooderson and Julian Bleach have all portrayed which villain in the UK television series Dr Who?
United Nations Day is celebrated during which month of the year?
In February 1987, which UK airline was privatised and listed on the London Stock Exchange?
‘The history of all the hitherto existing society is the history of class struggles’ is part of the first chapter of which publication?
What was the name of the 1960’s rock band which comprised Eric Clapton, Ginger Baker, Steve Winwood and Ric Grech?
Which are the four Fixed Signs of the Zodiac?
What colour cape does Batman’s sidekick Robin wear in the 1960’s television series?
Jack Nicholson played Randle McMurphy in which film?
Steve Jobs, Ronald Wayne and Steve Wozniak founded which company in 1976?
In Greek mythology, who did flute playing shepherd Marsyas challenge to a music contest, the winner of which flayed Marsyas to death for his presumption?
In the UK television series ‘Absolutely Fabulous’, what is Edina’s surname?
What is the name of the woollen gown worn by a junior barrister in the UK who has not taken silk?
Which late American musician, who pioneered the styles of rock and roll and rockabilly, was born Vincent Eugene Craddock in 1935?
Josiah Tulkinghorn is Sir Lester Dedlock’s lawyer in which novel by Charles Dickens?
Who was Britain’s first female Olympic boxing Gold medal winner?
Peaches, Steve Wilkos, Tremont and Shawntel are all characters in which stage show?
Bole is a shade of which colour?
Which duo wrote the UK television series ‘Dad’s Army’?
In medicine, if something is subcutaneous it is applied or located under which organ of the body?
Which Muppet from the television series shares a name with a former US President?
How much, in pounds sterling, is the cheapest property on a British Monopoly Board?
What was the name of the ‘asylums’ in Britain which were slave laundries from the 18th to late 20th Centuries, ostensibly to house ‘fallen women’?
Didsbury, Ardwick and Fallowfield are all areas of which British city?
‘Boat Race’ is Cockney rhyming slang for which part of the body?
A sterlet is what type of creature?
Wrigley Field in Chicago USA is a venue for which sport?
What is the first name of Nurse Ratched in the 1975 film ‘One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest’?
Which British television presenter’s first novel ‘Only Dad’ was published in 2001?
What was the World’s first teletext information service?
‘Loitering With Intent’ is a 1993 autobiography by which British actor?
What is the nickname of the frontiersman Nathaniel Poe, played by Daniel Day Lewis, in the 1992, film ‘The Last of the Mohicans’?
Breve, Mocha and Americano are all types of which drink?
The Western Roll is a technique used in which track and field athletics event?
Which element has the atomic number 1?
Which US singers controversially celebrated their fifth wedding anniversary in Cuba in April 2013?
Ereuthophobia is the irrational fear of which colour?
In the 1962 film ‘Lolita’, what is Lolita’s first name?
Which rugby union team position wears shirt number 15?
Birchill, Thornhill and Lisvane are all areas of which British city?
Sound engineer Peter Lodge first announced which phrase on the London Undergound rail network in 1969?
Which British comedian plays headmaster Mr Gilbert in the UK television series ‘The Inbetweeners’?
Who did Germany defeat to win the 1990 FIFA World Cup?
What is the surname of Django in the 2012 film ‘Django Unchained’?
Who’s notorious book is entitled ‘Mein Kampf’?
How many male strippers perform on stage together in the 1997 film ‘The Full Monty’?
Who did Harvey Keitel play in the 1994 film ‘Pulp Fiction’?
The 2009 film ‘The Hangover’ is set in which city?
In 1996, Dolly the Sheep was successfully cloned in which European country?
‘Steps in Time’ is a 1959 autobiography by which American singer/actor?
Historical figures John Rann, John MacLaine, James Hind and Claude Duval were all notorious what?
In the US television series ‘Friends’, what is Joey’s surname?
Which US comedian/actor is credited with saying ‘A man is only as old as the woman he feels’?
What is the currency of Lithuania?
‘Be the best’ is the official motto of which of the British armed forces?
The Suricate is another name for which mammal?
Eurotophobia is the abnormal fear of which part of the body?
Which city is the ‘de facto capital’ of the European Union?
Which 1940 film, directed by John Ford, was based on John Steinbeck’s Pulitzer-Prize winning novel of the same name?
The feathers of which bird are said to bring bad luck if they are brought into the house?
What is the name of the official British coronation crown?
‘The Royal Hunt of the ‘what’ is a 1964 play by Peter Shaffer?
Gibraltar is linked by ferry to which North African city?
The French town of Bordeaux lies on which river?
‘Before I Forget’ is a 1981 Autobiography by which English actor?
‘Songs From the Tainted Cherry Tree’ is the debut album of which X Factor contestant?
Andrew Lloyd Webber and Tim Rice first worked together on which musical?
Which British race track has corners named Copse, Maggots and Becketts?
Who became BBC Radio One Breakfast Show presenter in June 1973?
In which year was the UK television series ‘Doctor Who’ first broadcast?
What is the name of the life-size plastic dummies in the television series Doctor Who, the first of which arrived on Earth in hollow plastic meteorites with deadly weapons concealed in their hands?
Which was the first country outside the UK to screen the television series ‘Doctor Who’?
In the UK television series ‘Doctor Who’, what is the name of the leader of the underground-dwelling race ‘Tractators’?
In the UK television series ‘Doctor Who’, in which country was ruthless politician Salamander born?
What is the atomic number of Helium?
Harold Holt became Prime Minister of which country in January 1966?
In 1968, ‘The Troubles’ began in which European country between elements of the nationalist community and the unionist community?
Which Roxy Music hit single features Robert E Lee?
Which cartoon character is mentioned in the single ‘Life on Mars’ by David Bowie?
Which film star is the title of a 1984 hit single by Madness?
During which decade of the 19th Century was the British clipper ship the Cutty Sark launched?
Who designed the red telephone box, which first appeared in London in 1926?
Columbia University, in the city of New York, was founded as King’s College by royal charter of which British monarch?
Who played the title role in the 1951 film ‘Captain Horatio Hornblower RN’?
Agyrpphobia is the persistent fear of doing what?
The badge/logo of which car is a circle with a three-pointed star in the centre?
What is the first name of Irish singer Van Morrison?
Chatham Dockyard, which closed in 1984 and is now a visitor centre, is located in which English county?
In most constellations, which letter of the Greek alphabet was designated by German astronomer Johann Bayer to the brightest star?
US singer Steveland Hardaway Morris is better known by what name?
What is the name of the fictional motor racing circuit in the children’s television series ‘Roary the Racing Car’?
What type of creature is a discus?
Strangles is a bacterial infection of the respiratory tract of which animal?
‘Ball tampering’ is an illegal activity associated with which sport?
The Recreation Ground, Kingsholm Stadium and the Memorial Ground are all English venues for which sport?
In the 18th Century, Russia led a coalition that defeated which country in the Great Northern War?
Which line on the London Underground rail system has the most stations?
What does the Latin phrase ‘Fortes fortuna juvat’ translate to in English?
Mercosur (or Mercosul) is an economic political agreement among which six South American countries?
The Kingdom of Bahrain lies in which body of water?
In humans, the medical condition prepatellar bursitis affects which part of the body?
What type of dance shoe has a specially hardened sole or attached metal plates?
What type of ‘love’ is feigned purely in order to gain a reward?
What is the title of the first novel to be published in the ‘Chronicles of Narnia’ series by C S Lewis?
Saint Fidelis Church, otherwise known as The Cathedral of the Plains, is located in which US state?
In March 1951, which comic strip character first appeared in newspapers across the US?
What was the first name of Italian crafter of violins Stradivari, who died in 1737?
The board game Pachisi originated in which country?
What type of creature is a Kokanee?
Bunny Chow, also known as Kota, is a fast-food dish consisting of a hollowed-out loaf filled with curry and is native to which country?
Playwright J M Barrie used a drawing by English artist Ben Nicholson as the base for a poster for which play?
Which planet in our solar system takes around 165 Earth years to orbit the Sun?
At the age of 86, which US actor married 40 year old make up artist Arlene Silver in 2012?
The valet costume worn by Django in the 2012 film ‘Django Unchained’ was inspired by which painting by Thomas Gainsborogh?
In British legend, what is the name of King Arthur’s sword?
The White Rose Shopping Centre is in which English city?
The Formula One Sepang International Circuit is in which country?
The Lansdowne Cup is competed for in rugby union by which two countries?
National Flag Day is celebrated in Estonia during which month of the year?
Retailer Fortnum and Mason opened its first new UK store for more than 300 years at which London station in November 2013?
The Paragons originally recorded which 1980 hit single by Blondie?
The Goya Gate is located at which European museum?
Arkansas Black is a variety of which fruit?
Congo, Sensation, President Grevy and Beauty of Moscow are all varieties of which garden plant?
Who is Head of State of New Zealand?
Who won the 2013 British Open Golf Championship?
Chim Chim Cheree, I Love to Laugh and Feed the Birds are all songs from which film?
Which former World Darts Champion is known by the nickname ‘The Limestone Cowboy’?
Operation Felix was the codename for a proposed German invasion of which British Overseas Territory during World War II?
In the children’s television series ‘Fireball XL5’, what is the name of the robot co-pilot of XL5?
Who was the first person to bear the title of Holy Roman Emperor?
In January 1973, who defeated Joe Frazier to win the Heavyweight World Boxing Championship?
Which English city is known as ‘The Lace City’?
What is the minimum legal age for a female to marry in Kuwait?
What is the first name of Blackadder in the UK television series ‘Blackadder’?
What is the name of the Lord played by Rik Mayall in the UK television series ‘Blackadder Goes Forth’?
The UK television series ‘Blackadder Goes Forth’ is set during which war?
In which 1956 film did actress Gina Lollobrigida make her debut in American films?
In 1985 the Fayed brothers purchased which London-based department store?
Who became US President in 1913?
In the children’s television series ‘Scooby Doo’, what is Velma’s Surname?
In December 1965, who became President of the Philippines?
In which year did divorce become officially legal in the Republic of Ireland?
Which British monarch introduced The George Cross?
In which year did children’s television show ‘Sesame Street’ debut on US television?
King Robert Baratheon and Queen Cersei Lannister are characters in which US television fantasy drama series?
In food E Numbers 100-109 are which colour?
The discovery of what in Australia in February 1851 is traditionally attributed to Edward Hammond Hargraves?
Atychiphobia is the irrational fear of what?
‘The Way I Am’ is a 2008 autobiography by which US singer?
How is the year 1994 depicted in Roman Numerals?
Singer Dan Reynolds is the frontman for which US rock band?
Bosworth cheese comes from which English county?
The 1995 autobiography ‘Dreams From My Father’ is by which US politician?
Created in August 1991, ‘info.cern.ch’ was the first ever what?
Which fictional cartoon character, and leader of a gang, lives in Hoagy’s Alley?
In January 1968 who was chosen as leader of the Communist Party in Czechoslovakia?
In the Jewish calendar, Sivan is which month of the religious year?
What is the name of the perfume launched by British boyband JLS in January 2013?
What were the first names of US television cartoonists Hanna and Barbera?
Which English actor is the oldest man to have trekked to the North Magnetic Pole on foot?
Which Cole Porter play won the first Tony Award for best musical in 1949?
What colour ink was traditionally used by Roman emperors to sign important documents?
Stinking Bishop is a variety of which fruit?
What is the first name of Ragnor’s brother in the historical drama television series ‘Vikings’?
Filbert Fox is the mascot of which English football club?
Marble Arch in London was once the ceremonial entrance to which British palace?
Edith Cresson became the first female Prime Minister of which European country?
Eosophobia is the irrational fear of which part of the day?
Who was elected US President in November 2012?
Bonham’s, Christies, Forbes and Fellows are are what type of business?
The song ‘White Dress’ by Kanye West is from which 2012 martial arts film?
In the George Orwell novel ‘Animal Farm’ who is the owner of Foxwood Farm?
Songwriter/manager/producer Stig Anderson was often known as the fifth member of which group?
What is the title of The Beatles first feature film, released in 1964?
Vestiphobia is the irrational fear of which items?
The cathedral in which British city is known as ‘The Ship of the Fens’?
Which former US boxer is referred to as the ‘Poet laureate of boxing’?
Who was US President immediately before and after Benjamin Harrison?
The UK television drama series ‘Boys From the Black Stuff’ was set in which city?
In April 1966, Bobbi Gibb became the first woman to run the entire distance of which marathon?
What type of creature is a cichlid?
People born on the 1st March have which sign of the Zodiac?
Who became the host of the UK television game show Blankety Blank in 1984?
Aladdin is a variety of which vegetable?
Which US actor played the title role in the television police drama ‘T J Hooker’?
In which country is the River Darling?
What colour is the liqueur Galliano?
Scottish footballer Kenny Dalglish played for which English club from 1977 to 1990?
How much, in pounds sterling, does the Best in Show Winner receive at the annual Crufts Dog Show?
In the 2002 FIFA World Cup, which national football team became the first team in the Asian Football Confederation to reach the World Cup semi-finals?
Theon Greyjoy, a character in the television series ‘Game of Thrones’, is played by the younger brother of which English singer?
Acmeism relates to poetry from the early 20th Century in which country?
How many definite suicides occur in the plays of William Shakespeare?
Which US President is depicted on the Purple Heart military decoration?
Which boxer became the first to defeat Evander Holyfield in November 1992 to become undisputed Heavyweight Champion?
What is the name of the family’s pet goldfish in the US television cartoon series ‘American Dad’?
In the UK children’s television series ‘Button Moon’, on which planet does Mr Spoon and his family live?
What the note is at the 12th fret of the 1st and 6th strings of a standard-tuned 6-string guitar?
What Greek mythological horse sprang from the blood of Medusa?
What was disestablished as the state religion of Japan after WWII?
Which sportsman won the fourth series of the British television show ‘Strictly Come Dancing’ in 2006?
The original Ferris Wheel was erected in which US state for the 1893 World’s Columbian Exposition?
Which comedian/actor played the Doctor Who monster Abzorbaloff, which appeared in the 2006 episode ‘Love and Monsters’?
Which singer got her hair caught in the blades of a fan as she was performing in concert in Montreal in July 2013?
Beaker, Janice, Sweetums and The Swedish Chef are all characters in which children’s television show?
The 1992 film ‘Wayne’s World’ was a spin-off of a sketch from which US television show?
Which animal represents the deadly sin of envy?
Whose gang travel around in the Mystery Machine?
Which country is known as The Hashemite Kingdom?
Which amphibian did the ancients believe could live in fire?
Who bought Donington Park’s Dunlop Bridge at a memorabilia auction?
What is the upper edge of the ship’s side next to the bulwarks called?
Which cigarette manufacturer used to boast of its tobacco ‘It’s Toasted’?
Which is the only internal organ that can regenerate itself?
In what race do cyclists follow a motorised pacer?
In which London thoroughfare is The Monument?
Which comedy series was largely set in St. Aldhelm’s Church Hall?
Which city’s cathedral is the smallest Anglican cathedral in England?
In which Scottish border town was seven-a-side rugby first played?
What was the first product advertised on Channel 5 television?
ln the Bible Old Testament, who was the first High Priest of the Hebrews?
Stella Rimington was the first female head of which organisation?
JB Who wrote the novel ‘Greenmantle’?
Which is the highest mountain in North America?
What were the first names of The Railway Children?
Which crop is attacked by the Colorado Beetle?
Which medical condition is sometimes known as Daltonism?
Which famous individual created the 'Blue Peter' sailing ship logo?
What part did Bluke Tryscorer play in the 2000 Rugby League World Cup?
Under what name did the Japanese car company Nissan formerly sell its cars in the UK?
What colour hair did Charles Dickens' character David Copperfield have?
Which mythical beings were said to inhabit the slopes of Mount Etna?
Which is the highest position in the Metropolitan Police?
Which Shaw play is set during the 1885 Serbo-Bulgarian War?
Which Michael Frayn play features a ‘play within a play’ entitled Nothing On?
Who owned the brass factory and just about everything else in the sitcom Brass?
Which serialised TV drama had a title that is a Lesbian slang term for oral sex?
There were three major sieges in the Boer War – Mafeking, Kimberley and which other?
At which battle of 2 December 1805 did Napoleon defeat a combined Austrian-Russian army?
Which Orbison number was used in the David Lynch cult classic of 1986 Blue Velvet?
Which title character was named Dolores Haze?
What term is used for leaves which have several colours?
Which actor played Chandler Bing in “Friends” ?
What is the pleasant activity of osculation?
What is the only natural food that never goes bad?
On a motorway what is the speed limit for a car towing a caravan?
In England he’s a barrister – what is he in Scotland?
Which poet wrote The Whitsun Weddings?
Which bird was once called apteryx?
What do 4 roods equal?
What cost 37p when it was scrapped in 1987?
Yarg and gevrik are cheeses from which county?
Pantagruel was the son of which giant?
In the computer world what company is nicknamed Big Blue?
Which edible nut is found on a variety of Hickory Tree?
To which family of trees do junipers belong?
Which Thornbridge beer, gravity 5.9%, is named after an Indian city?
What was the name of Matilda’s teacher, who adopted her at the end of the book?
A ‘gricer’ is a slang term for a what?
Anatomy. Where are the intercostal muscles situated?
Who wrote the 19th century novel ‘Anna Karenina’?
In ‘The Pink Panther’ films, what is the name of Clouseau’s manservant?
Pr is the symbol for which chemical element, atomic number 59?
… Wordsworth questioning whether it was a bird at all, “or but a wandering voice”?
Which chemical compound is the active ingredient in agricultural lime?
Which ‘P’ shot the arrow that killed Achilles by striking him on his heel?
Which ‘P’ was the last king of Troy, according to Greek mythology?
In the film ‘High Noon’, who has sworn to kill Will Kane (Gary Cooper)?
In which city are the administrative headquarters of the county of Cornwall?
Where in Europe is the Attila Line a major divide?
Which article has parts called - cantle, skirt, flap and pommel?
Which King of Macedon a great military leader was reputedly never defeated in battle?
Which cartoon title character has a friend called Captain Haddock?
In police parlance what are ‘dabs’?
Which hit programme is filmed in a tent at Harptree Court in Somerset?
Who presents the new BBC documentary Science Britannica?
The Combination Acts of 1799-1800 were repealed in 1824 – what had they banned?
Which entertainer had a gospel minister character called Brother Lee Love?
I Drove All Night in 1993 was the last solo UK chart entry for which singer?
If you were using Dutch or Diaper Bonds what would you be doing?
In which sport might you see the ‘suicide squad’?
Which 1976 Nobel laureate popularised Monetarist theory?
The Bible. Who ‘denied with an oath, I do not know the man’?
Saloth Sar was the real name of which infamous dictator?
Whose first appearance as James Bond was in The Living Daylights?
To whom is Gwyneth Paltrow married?
The characters Denisov and Dolokhov appear in which famous novel?
In the piano-moving ad, what was the name of the ‘man’ in charge?
In May, in which US state were three kidnapped women discovered and freed?
Betty, Earl and Joyce are the puppet pensioners in ads for which company?
‘Hampsteads’ is Cockney rhyming slang for what?
Who made the first telephone call to the Moon?
In the world of politics and international affairs, what do the initials S.A.L.T. represent?
Pulex irritans is the Latin name for which insect?
What was the five-letter surname of the Major, one of the permanent residents?
If you were performing an orison what would you be doing?
An anchor hallmark on a valuable metal item denotes it was made in which city?
What was the name of the old Waddington’s game based on newspapers?
Which musical term means ‘very loud’?
Which old English coin was equal to four pence?
The TV characters Jack Ford, Trevor Chaplin and Jack Halford link which actor?
On what can Gypsum, Calcite, Fluorite, Apatite and six others be classified?
Which actress featured in both autumn dramas River and Unforgotten?
Sofia Helin returned on BBC4 in the third series of which Scandinavian drama?
Which islands were ceded to Britain by Spain in 1771?
Released in 1974, what was the title of David Bowie’s eighth studio album/LP?
Who played the doctor in the famous Hancock sketch on blood doning?
In the tv sitcom ‘Allo Allo!’, what was Rene’s surname?
Who declared the 1936 summer Olympic Games open? (Both names required.)
In tennis, losing two sets 6-0 is known as a double what?
What type of food or drink is a macchiato?
The books were Alice and Jerry in the USA – what were they here?
Amanuensis is an archaic word for what profession?
Inspector Claude Eustace Teal was a regular adversary of which free-lance detective?
Which company was built into a world-wide organisation by Ray Kroc?
Which battle of 1897 brought Anglo-Egyptian control of Sudan?
Fireworks that burn red contain which element, the only one named after a place in UK?
Which of the King George VI’s brothers died in 1942?
If New York City is the 'Big Apple', which US city is the 'Big Pineapple'?
Which American resort is nicknamed 'Sin City'?
Which cryptic heptarchy owned a Cocker Spaniel called Scamper?
Which torture chamber was invented by George Orwell?
Which 1949 film was set on the Scottish island of Todday?
Which film is set on the remote Hebridean island of Summerisle?
Cagliari is the capital of which island?
When first discovered what name was given to Tasmania?
Which early aviator flew in a plane christened Jason?
Red Grant was a villain in which James Bond movie?
Whose head was stuck on the roof of parliament after his body had been exhumed?
Celandine, topaz and gamboge are shades of which colour?
The Conservation of Energy is the first ……..what?
What are the French speaking citizens of Belgium called?
Used frequently in laboratories what is the common name of Drosophila?
Which 2013 film is a development of the 1964 film ‘Mary Poppins’?
Who narrates the spoken verses on Blur’s top 10 hit ‘Parklife’?
One question, three answers. Which three cyclists have won this award? (In any order.)
In the year 1800, who was King of Great Britain and King of Ireland?
In the lyrics of ‘Hello, Hello, Who’s Your Lady Friend?’, Margate is mentioned in the verse.
What term is used for a society of female students in an American college?
Who wrote the 1790’s work “Travels in the Interior of Africa”?
In which African country is the popular resort of Monastir?
What was the name of the skunk in Bambi?
Which infamous character became Pope Alexander VI?
Who created the ‘A’ Line in 1955?
Which drink is advertised as ‘charcoal mellowed, drop by drop’?
The Sun Woman provides the first light of dawn in which people’s mythology?
Which commission was set up to investigate the assassination of JFK?
Who painted Luncheon of the Boating Party?
Which London residential suburb is the site of Lord’s Cricket Ground?
Whose is the first tale in Chaucer’s Canterbury Tales?
Which element is integral to all organic compounds?
Whose 1960 recording “The Twist” spawned a craze for the dance of that name?
Whose “left hand” rule can predict the direction of motion of an electric motor?
Which confectionary manufacturer markets Galaxy milk chocolate?
The chance of which hazardous natural event occurring is expressed on the Torino scale?
What is the name of the O’Haras’ plantation in ‘Gone with the Wind’?
The cover of which of Pink Floyd’s LP covers features Battersea Power Station?
Where has Baroness Royall of Blaisdon led the opposition since May 2010?
Last month, what word was named by Oxford Dictionaries as the word of the year?
What is the name for the playing area in American football?
In the Billy Bunter stories, what is the surname of Bunter’s form teacher?
In Britain, a Christmas tree is traditionally of what species? (Two words.)
What coin of the realm ceased to be legal tender in Britain at the end of 1960?
Which physical phenomenon is properly called 'Horripilation'?
Which ruler sold the Louisiana Territories to the USA in 1803?
What would a polyandric woman have more than one of?
Clyde Tombaugh discovered which celestial object in our solar system in 1930?
"What did MP Gerald Kaufman describe in 1983 as ""the longest suicide note in history"" ?"
At the Oscar ceremony in 2004, Sofia Coppola was up for 'Best Director' for which film?
In which ‘business’ did John Davidson Rockefeller make his fortune?
Which country overtook the USA as the world's biggest emitter of CO2?
Which 80 year old Irishman read the eulogy at Bernard Manning's funeral in June?
"Which composer's operas are famously staged in the town of Bayreuth (say ""Bye-royt"")?"
Born in 1861, which famous opera singer's real name was Helen Mitchell?
Which Italian city is known as the pizza capital of the world?
In a 1763 swap, what expanse of land did Britain gain from Spain in exchange for Havana?
Which is the only Semitic language that is an official language of the EU?
In which 1955 film does Boccherini’s String Quartet in E play a significant part?
Which canal separates the Peloponnese peninsula from the Greek mainland?
What is the official march of the Royal Navy?
What are the major suits in the card game Bridge?
Which Parliamentary Act was abbreviated to DORA?
Born Natalia Zacharenko, under what name did she find fame?
What sort of creature is a Pacific Sea Wasp?
Who were the backing group of Junior Walker?
Who had a hit in 1966 with When a Man Loves a Woman?
From what illness did Mary II die in 1694?
Specifically, What is the only mammal that could be described as parasitic?
In which disaster film do the heroes take off to the song Leaving on a Jet Plane?
Nick Begs was lead singer with which 80’s pop band?
After what is Fleet Street in London named?
Which whale (not James) is most commonly known as the Singing Whale?
Just north of Bolton, on which English motorway will you find Rivington Services?
Of which Saxon kingdom was Offa a King?
The crux of which novel is enabling 2,000 Allied soldiers to evacuate the island of Kheros?
In past times a rabbit was what we’d call a baby bunny. What were adult bunnies called?
Carried out by a military man it’s called Seppuku. What other name is it known by?
The love story of which writer is portrayed in the film Shadowlands?
What colour is pistachio flavoured ice cream?
Who co-founded CND with Canon Collins?
Which plant is known as the butterfly bush?
In the British Raj what was the job of a ‘punkah wallah’?
Which title characters adventures took place on the Isle of Sodor?
Proteus and Nereid are among the moons of which planet?
In 1840 the world’s first postage stamps printed were the Penny Black and which other?
The 1363 Statute of Apparel forbade people from what?
Which football team are nicknamed the Blaugrana?
Which element is the main polluting substance in acid rain?
Which city is the destination of the yacht race which leaves Sydney every Boxing Day?
What is the common name for the fruit of the blackthorn?
Between 1838 and 1839, against which country did France fight the so-called Pastry War?
Which Isle of Man school’s famously fiendish annual quiz is published in the Guardian?
Mordant is the general term for a chemical which allows what to work properly?
Which town’s Crab Fair features a world-famous face-pulling or “gurning” contest?
Which constellation has, uniquely, in Rigel and Betelgeuse, two of the ten brightest stars?
Had war not intervened, which city would have hosted the 1916 Olympics?
Which now obsolete unit originated as the distance a person could walk in an hour?
Also called The Roodee, which, officially, is Britain’s oldest and shortest racecourse?
“Scandicrime” drama The Bridge is mainly set in Copenhagen and in which Swedish city?
Which group of large insects includes hawkers and darters, named for their flying styles?
Which college’s chapel doubles as Oxford’s cathedral?
Which “Thom” is Radiohead’s lead singer and principal songwriter?
Which former British PM was christened “Grocer” by Private Eye?
Which European country’s national rail network is known as RENFE?
If dogs are canine and cats feline, what adjective is used for geese?
‘The Darling Buds of May’ is set in which English county?
A swanee whistle was used to provide the voices of whom, in an animated tv series?
Victoria Coren, as she then was, married whom in November 2012?
Which England cricketer was born of Anglo-Welsh parents on Christmas Day 1984?
What is the name of the one-eyed mutant and important character in ‘Futurama’?
When David killed Goliath, how many of his five stones did he use?
What bird did Good Queen Bess decree should be eaten at Christmas?
In which of Shakespeare’s plays does the fool Feste appear?
Who was Captain Pugwash’s bitter enemy?
What is widely accepted to be the earliest known unit of length?
Who plays Dr Nikki Alexander in the BBC’s crime drama Silent Witness?
What construction of nature inspired a 1960s women’s hairdo?
What kind of song is a Brindisi?
What is a ‘mullet’ on a coat of arms?
If a creature or figure is described as ‘trippant’ what is it doing?
Which Frenchman was the founder of the modern games?
Who was the Beano’s Redskin Chum?
What is worn around the neck in a ‘gurning’ contest?
A transport project on Mount Vesuvius inspired which operatic song?
Which acid has the alternative name ‘spirits of salt’?
The husband of Lara Lewington, In which field is Martin Lewis a TV expert?
What kind of clouds produce a ’Mackeral Sky’?
Who played the sadistic sheriff in the Clint Eastwood directed film Unforgiven?
Which EastEnders character did a full-programme monologue in 2008?
The Philtrum is located precisely where on the human body?
Who was the faithless wife of King Menelaus of Sparta?
Pike Bishop led which gang of film desperados?
What is the significance of 16th June 1904?
Who wrote the collection of Gothic horror stories entitled In A Glass Darkly in 1872?
What was placed in Earth’s orbit by Discovery in 1990?
Which sought-after item was situated in the kingdom of Colchis?
Which headgear actually only holds about three litres?
What are the grades of proficiency in judo called?
The Siege Perilous was a vacant seat at what?
Who was shot for spying by the French in 1917?
Robert Hubert was hanged for confessing to what?
What is measured by a Bourdon Gauge?
Who lured sailors on the Rhine to their deaths with her singing?
In Shakespeare’s play what is the name of Hamlet’s mother?
Where are the police called heddlu?
Who gets Brer Rabbit in a terrible tangle in the stories by Joel Chandler Harris?
What shape is the pasta known as ‘conchiglie’?
Which American called the Daily Mail ‘the worst kind of tabloid’?
What does the Islamic term Hadj signify?
What first was opened by Margaret Sanger in Brooklyn in 1916?
Real Love in 1996 was whose last top 10 hit in the UK?
Which prophet secretly anointed David as King of Israel?
Which counter-intelligence agency had a name meaning ‘death to spies’ in English?
Which English town/city did the Romans call Dubris?
Which magazine is produced and sold for the benefit of homeless people?
Which birds collect in a convocation?
Which country was founded by Muhammed Ali Jinnah?
Which vitamin assists in blood clotting?
In the theatre and music industry, what are ‘cans’?
What might a Geordie call a ‘tab’?
Clifford’s Tower is all that remains of which city’s castle?
Which knight is with Arthur at the end and throws Excalibur into the lake?
Who did Princess Anne marry in 1992?
Nino Farina was the first world champion of what?
The word sacerdotal means relating to what?
Who has the unusual middle name of de Pfeffel?
Which London underground line provides a regular service to all Heathrow terminals?
Which famous Englishman had a cat called Hodge which he fed on oysters?
Which Asian country has the Tugrik as its currency?
DEFINITIONS. What nouns are being defined here?
What is the symbol for the chemical element protactinium, atomic number 91?
What Russian word means ‘restructuring’, particularly in an economic context?
What is the name of the dog in the Punch and Judy shows?
The Greek goddess Aphrodite loved which beautiful youth, the son of Myrrha?
Which English town is home to the Stephen Joseph Theatre?
Under what name did Bernard Schwartz (1925 to 2010) find fame as a film star?
'Nobody puts Baby in a corner.' is a line from which 1987 film?
Which legendary sunken land lies off the Isles of Scilly, to the south-west of Cornwall?
Which river meets the sea at Fleetwood on Lancashire's Fylde coast?
In golf what is the old-fashioned name for a No 3 wood?
Which county in England has a flag consisting of a white cross on a black background?
In 1933, which actress starred in the original 'King Kong' movie?
Franz Liszt ended up the father-in-law to which other very famous composer?
The collective noun for which British mammal is a 'cete'? [say “Seat”]
What is the pen name of the author who created the character Fu Manchu?
Mrs Darrell Waters books were translated into 120 languages. What was her pen name?
Which 'Regal' male singer provided the half-time entertainment for the 2007 Superbowl?
What was the name of Ian McEwan's Booker Prize winning novel of 1998?
Conventionally treated as comprising a single order, which order of mammals lay eggs?
Oil seed rape belongs to which plant family?
In 1985, which filly was the last racehorse to win a variant of the English Triple Crown?
The Art Nouveau designer Rene Lalique most famously worked in which material?
What is the name of the drag queen persona of Thomas Neuwirth, who won in 2014?
In 1968, which group recorded the L.P. ‘The Village Green Preservation Society’?
Angelica, Chuckie and Tommy feature in which cartoon tv series?
A giant saguaro is a type of what?
Ashkenazic and sephardic cuisines are associated with which ethnic group?
In American football and other sports, who or what is a M.V.P.?
Ted Nevin, who died in 1992, was a leading authority in what sphere?
Kia Motors Corporation is nearly one-third owned by which other Asian company?
Sidney Poitier, Eartha Kitt, Val Doonican and Ferenc Puskas were all born in what year?
What was promoted as “the cream of Manchester” in a series of 90s ads?
Famous for its glass manufacturing, what is the real name of Malta’s ‘Silent City’?
On August 15th 1914, the SS Ancon became the first ship to officially do what?
Liverpool played against whom in the first ever ‘Match of the Day’ in 1964?
In 1934, local miners in Ashington, Northumberland, formed a group to study what?
With what area of expertise do you associate the name of Annie Leibovitz?
What item of clothing do you associate with a 1979 hit song from Neil Diamond?
Who is widely credited with introducing his former wife Whitney Houston to drugs?
Who wrote ‘It’s a Battlefield’ (1934) and ‘The Power and the Glory’ (1940)?
Which of the six team members was born first?
In ‘Dad’s Army’, what was the surname of the air-raid warden?
Hamilcar Barca was the father of which famous general?
Which Scottish mathematician discovered logarithms?
The town of Vittoria and the city of Ragusa can be found on which island?
Which nonagenarian is one of the foremost exponents of dontopedalogy?
In 2009, who became the first woman to referee the World Snooker Championship final?
Who was captain of the US team for the 2014 Ryder Cup?
Which US property tycoon bought Turnberry Golf Course in April?
Who created Rumpole of the Bailey?
What day did the Teddy Bears have their picnic?
Which UK band had 2 top ten singles in the same week in 2001?
Curacao was a colony of which country?
On which river does Ipswich stand?
Which play is featured in the film The Producers?
Of what family are Onion, garlic, shallot, leek and chive?
What word refers to an extended trip through the Bush, taken by an aborigine?
What was journalist Richard Littlejohn’s nickname for Cherie Blair?
What was unusual about a polo world cup tournament held in Nepal in 2012?
A British newspaper was relaunched as ‘The Sun’ in 1964. What was its name prior to that?
When people talk about LGBT rights, what does the ‘T’ represent?
What is the chief defining characteristic of a compound fracture?
Harvey was one of Dr. Crippen’s first names. What was the other?
Which island in Kent is the second largest of England's isles?
Which Italian demonstrated the first modern electric battery?
Which family's name appears in the title of the last two books of the Catholic edition?
Captain of the Flying Dustman, what was the name of Captain Pugwash's mortal enemy?
"What ""C"" is a name given to any straight line that joins two places on a curve?"
In which Winter Olympics city did Torville and Dean win gold in 1984?
"Roger Hargreaves was once asked ""what does a tickle look like?"" Which books followed?"
In which county would you find Chesil Beach?
Who was the first person in the bible to get drunk?
Which ex-World Heavyweight Champion boxer signed up for Celebrity Big Brother 2014?
What provoked the war between Honduras and El Salvador in 1969?
Which ex-Dr Who appeared in four Carry On films?
The thoroughfare where fictional Sweeny Todd had his barber shop?
Which kiddies story book character is called Oui Oui in France?
Which duo are associated with the classic comedy routine “Who’s on First”?
Who played Nurse Gladys Emmanuel, Arkwright’s love interest in Open All Hours?
In which film does psychopath Annie Wilkes wield a sledgehammer to horrific effect?
Which actor, who died in June 2014, provided the voice of Captain Scarlet?
Which country singer released the 1975 concept album Red Headed Stranger?
Who produced the illustrated collection of poems Songs of Innocence and Experience?
What is the historical subject matter of Arthur Miller’s 1953 play The Crucible?
Weighing-in at up 48 stone, who wrestled under the ring-name Giant Haystacks?
The nephew of a former captain, who was the only Scottish player in the Europe team?
In Leonardo’s painting, what is Judas seen to spill as a symbol of his treachery?
Which is the only team to have won football’s Premier League once and once only?
“Instrument for measuring the humidity of air or gas.” A definition of what?
Who resigned in October 1983 after a scandal over his ‘lovechild’?
In ‘Othello’, what is the name of Iago’s wife?
“And in the end you wind up dying all alone on some dusty street. For what? For a tin
Which number Beethoven symphony is known as ‘The Pastoral’?
Who had parts in ‘St. Elmo’s Fire’, ‘About Last Night …’ and ‘Wayne’s World’?
Which woman was voted BBC Sports Personality of the Year in 1971?
In Roman times what was the occupation of a publican?
Joe Gargery is a character in which Charles Dickens novel?
Legend has it in Britain that which bird never uses its voice until it is dying?
Who did Johnnie Cochran defend in a famous 1990s trial?
In which film does crooked computer programmer Dennis Nedry cause havoc?
The demoiselle is a small variety of which wading bird?
Which character was played by Linda Thorson in The Avengers?
With a total of 49 who is the England team’s all-time top try scorer?
Which doctor - an eternal optimist – features in Voltaire’s Candide?
What literally means ‘submission to God’ in Arabic?
Who in legend provided pie fillings for Mrs Lovett?
Which Roman road led from Rome to Brindisi?
The bumblebee or hog-nosed is the smallest mammal in the world - what is it?
In which Poe tale is a wife murderer exposed by an ill-treated pet?
Which international cricket side had its best year ever in 2014 with five Test wins?
What fruity name do the French call a bowler hat?
Football World Cup venue Soccer City is in which city?
In which town is the most northerly cricket Test venue in the world?
In which film did teacher John Keating break all the rules?
A Gelada is a species of which primate?
Who holds the post of Defence Secretary?
What produces the coloration that gives New South Wales’s Blue Mountains their name?
In which US state is the Green Mountains Range?
Who was born in a cross-fire hurricane and raised by a toothless bearded hag?
John Hannah and Ken Stott have both appeared in the role of which fictional detective?
What is the largest city and capital of Madeira?
Which Roman coin was equivalent in value to four sesterces?
15 October will mark the 600th anniversary of which famous battle?
Which fruit is traditionally used in the recipe for the dessert dish Liverpool Tart?
What is the value of the letter ‘K’ in the game of Scrabble?
Which politician, facing charges of murder, lost his seat in a General Election?
Which South Wales town was formed when Margam and Aberavon combined in the 1920s?
What is the French name given to a steak that has been cut from between two ribs?
What do we call the selfless and virtuous practice of concern for the welfare of others?
Which former pop star, now deceased, played a rich businessman in Love Hurts?
Which noted woman from the Caribbean tended wounded soldiers during the conflict?
Sumatran, Malayan and Siberian are all species of which mammal?
The musical ‘Half a Sixpence’ was based on which 1905 novel?
According to a traditional English proverb, what is better than none?
What is the official summer sport of Canada?
By what name was the African state of Namibia previously known?
The SI unit the ohm is often represented by the upper-case form of which Greek letter?
What is the fictional location of the tv soap ‘Eastenders’?
How was Moose the dog better known when he starred in a popular US sitcom?
Who composed the music for ‘Billy Elliot, the Musical’?
Oona was the last of his four wives, and he died in 1977. Which famous film star?
As well as municipalities, which country is made up of 26 states and one federal district?
During WWII, the volkssturm was the German version of what in Britain?
What is the more correct term for the sport of archery?
She was the title character on TV’s ‘Ellen’, who ‘came out’ on the front of Time magazine?
Subtitled ‘What You Will’, which play begins: ‘If music be the food of love, play on’?
What name is given to a double loin of Beef; ie not split at the backbone?
Which celebrated battle was fought near Brno on 2nd December 1805?
What is the Latin motto of the film company Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer has the motto?
Which French fashion designer regularly co-hosted UK TV’s ‘Eurotrash’?
What is nicknamed 'The Cathedral of the Railways'?
Which society was founded in 1946 by barrister Roland Berrill & scientist Dr Lance Ware?
Which equipment-free sport did Ashok Das introduce to the British Army in 2005?
In which city did the gangland St Valentine’s Day Massacre take place?
With its own command structure, which of the US armed forces has a base at Quantico?
Who helped bring photography to the masses with his Kodak roll-film technology?
Who got to no. 3 in the UK charts with ‘You’re So Vain’ in 1972?
What was the occupation of Mr. Sowerberry, in ‘Oliver Twist’?
Who played the title role in the 1953 film ‘Shane’?
What surname connects equestrians Michael, Ellen, William, Robert and John?
His name comes from the refrain of what pop song?
What was the title of Fun Lovin’ Criminals’ 1996 song that nearly made the Top 20?
Simon Legree is the villain in which famous novel?
Which is the most northerly county in the Republic?
Which national team introduced ‘Total Football’ at the 1974 World Cup in Germany?
Which bird is the international symbol for happiness?
Which 1962 ecological classic was written by Rachel Carson?
Which sporting trophy is made of melted silver rupees?
Which sport uses the terms ‘plastron’ ‘piste’ and ‘riposte’?
Which band featured Siobhan Fahey and Marcella Detroit?
What was the name of the computer in the sitcom Red Dwarf?
Who was the first presenter of Room 101 when it opened in 1994?
Which Internet site was founded by Jimmy Wales in 2001?
Which famous composer’s patrons were the Esterhazy family?
Who was the leader of France’s Vichy Government during World War II?
In World War I what was ‘a blighty one’?
In which country could you drive along the 1700 kilometre Bruce Highway?
Which comedian had an alter ego called Fred Scuttle?
What does an artist hold against his/her work to support and steady the brush hand?
Who directed the 2013 film ‘Twelve Years a Slave’?
In which Welsh village is there only one gay, apparently?!
Who wrote the BBC tv serial drama ‘The Singing Detective’ (1986)?
According to T.S. Eliot, which “is the cruellest month”?
What is another name for the flower known as the snapdragon?
In what decade did Keir Hardie become the first Labour MP?
From around 2566 B.C. to 1311 A.D. what was the world’s tallest building?
What is Britain’s bestselling breakfast cereal?
Who was the first British winner of the US Women’s Open?
What nickname was given to the Morris Cowley due to its appearance?
The bestselling children’s book “Grandpa’s great escape” is by which writer?
Which World war 2 American general was nicknamed “Vinegar Joe”?
N’Djamena is the capital city of which landlocked country in central Africa?
In October 2015, which city was named by VisitEngland as the ‘Home of English Sport’?
Which artery is the main source of blood for the leg?
The Fair Maid of Perth is a novel by which author?
Plato and Xenophon were both pupils of which Greek philosopher?
What is the surname of the title character of Anne of Green Gables?
In stamp collecting, what do the initials F D C represent?
What is the appropriate name of the craft which crashed into Mercury in April?
Referring to an aspect of its shape, what is the alternative name for a premolar tooth?
In June 2015, after severe flooding, which capital city saw a mass escape of zoo animals?
Which early Bob Dylan album and its title song reference a Texan gunfighter?
Whose 1977-79 albums, Low, “Heroes” and Lodger, are known as his Berlin Trilogy?
What is the forename of Lewis Hamilton’s father, a prominent member of his entourage?
What is Australian slang for an outside lavatory?
Who became Australia’s fifth prime minister in five years last month?
Which European country has the world’s oldest national flag?
What name was given to areas of England under Viking control?
Which English king was the first to establish a regular navy?
Which South American capital is the nearest to the equator?
Which children’s character’s first words upon waking are ‘What’s for breakfast’?
Who performed the theme song to The Man With The Golden Gun?
Tintern Abbey, made famous by Wordsworth’s poetry, stands on which river?
What nickname did the American media give to Jane Fonda during the Vietnam War?
Which Beatles offering was first shown on British TV on Boxing Day 1967?
Claude Littner is the new face in the latest series of which programme?
Who finished bottom of County Cricket’s Division One this year?
In which film does Andie MacDowell try to fiddle a US stay for Gerard Depardieu?
On which instrument would a ‘paradiddle’ be played?
Which kind of food can be either ‘blanket’ or ‘honeycomb’?
In which country is the Mekong Delta?
Who painted The Judgement of Paris, In around 1636?
George W Bush was given which diminutive herbaceous nickname?
Which rock star is known as 'The Boss'?
Which World War 2 American general was known as 'Vinegar Joe'?
The nickname for Dumfries became the name of which Scottish football club?
Bradford and Brighton both have a newspaper called what?
Marjorie Courtenay-Latimer discovered which rare fish in 1938?
Who became head coach of Sunderland in March 2015?
What was Her Majesty's Prison Manchester called until 1990?
Which is the most southerly of the Canadian provinces?
In which decade did Coates compose 'The Dam Busters March'?
IBM Halt is one of nine railway stations in which Clydeside town?
Which East Midlands club holds the Football League record for most games played?
Which northern Duchies were questionable until the 1860s?
'Indian Love Call' is a song from which 1924 operetta?
What kind of dish is the French ‘pithivier’?
Which explorer was cast adrift by his crew in 1611 and never seen again?
Which is heaviest of all naturally-occurring elements?
Luzon is an island of which country?
What is the heraldic name for the colour green?
Lloret de Mar lies on which Spanish costa?
What used to be known as the Blessed or Fortunate Isles?
In the books by Bernard Cornwell what is the first name of Sharpe?
In the books by Patrick O’Brien what was the nickname of Captain Aubrey?
Which member of the earwig family is also known as a fishmoth?
What was Margot’s surname in “The Good Life” TV series?
What was the name of the Hollywood restaurant opened by Jack Dempsey?
Which craft involves using knots and hitches to make textiles?
Who played Miss Pugh on the Hancock radio show?
Conakry is the capital of which African country?
Who as of September 30th is Canadian prime Minister?
What trade did both Dick Turpin and Butch Cassidy follow?
In humans ribs are divided into three types. True, False and which other?
In the Sherlock Holmes stories who was Moriarty’s second in command?
Which is the most southerly of the Shipping Forecast areas?
Which song was a UK number one for Terry Jacks in 1974 and for Westlife in 1999?
The A1 is the longest A-road in the UK. What is the longest A-road entirely in England?
The disease blossom end rot is most frequently found in which greenhouse crop?
Who wrote the Campus Trilogy of novels: Changing Places, Small World, and Nice Work?
According to several early Old Testament books, who led the Israelites after the death of Moses?
The eyes of Dr. T. J. Eckleberg are a dominant symbol in which 1925 novel and later films?
What six-letter word, taken from Yiddish, means ‘to grumble, complain’, especially when done to excess?
What part does Shirley Henderson play in the Harry Potter films?
What 17th- and 18th-century weapon was a short flintlock gun with a large bore?
‘When Will You Marry?’ became the world’s most expensive work of art when it was sold
Also known as the Blue Mosque, the Sultan Ahmed Mosque is in which city?
By what score did GB beat Belgium to win the Davis Cup in November 2015?
According to the Beatles, in which English town were there “four thousand holes”?
In ‘Cats’, who is the “Brummel of cats” who is “putting on weight every day”?
What J was the ginger cat given to him for his 88th birthday (and thus outlived him)?
Which supermarket chain started selling straight croissants in its stores in February?
What breed of dog is the ‘Monopoly’ playing piece, or token?
What was the first name of the poet Mr. Pope, 1688-1744?
Who retired from the ‘Eggheads’ team in May 2014?
In a famous and popular series of books, what rests on the back of four giant elephants?
Who wrote the 1982 novel, ‘The Prodigal Daughter’?
The prominent headland known as the Great Orme is close to which Welsh town?
On September 28th, NASA announced that what had been detected on Mars?
What is the first name of the renowned cellist who is Andrew Lloyd Webber’s brother?
At the time the Spice Girls became famous, what was Scary Spice’s surname?
What sort of noun are words such as ‘sadness’, ‘humour’, and ‘triumph’?
P.L. Travers wrote which series of books that were turned into a famous film?
What name links an American singer and a Nottinghamshire and England cricketer?
What name links a Labour MP and a professional golfer?
Which US state consist of a single syllable?
What dark brown food paste is the Australian version of Marmite in this country?
Which planet did Gustav Holst describe as the ‘Winged Messenger’?
Which ethical cosmetics company opened its first store in Poole, Dorset in 1994?
What is connected to the European mainland by a sand Isthmus called the North Front?
In which city was Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart born in 1756?
Heliculture is the farming of what for food?
Which type of chaps contested a football match in a famous Monty Python sketch?
Calabrese is a variety of which vegetable of the cabbage family?
Which king’s beloved son William was drowned in the tragedy of the White Ship?
Which gland controls the release of hormones?
Who would carry a knife called a kukri?
Which was the first Liverpool group to top the UK chart?
Which early sixties singer was backed by The Bruvvers?
If you were making a wiener schnitzel what meat would you buy?
If a young person is described as a NEET what does this mean?
In which classic novel does the character Queequeg appear?
Merton Pride and Williams are varieties of which fruit?
What is the secret identity of Penrod ‘Penry’ Pooch?
Who was the question master in the original series of TV’s Going For Gold?
In April, which sportsman married his childhood sweetheart Kim Sears?
‘Put a Ring on it’ were the words in parentheses in Beyonce’s 2008 no.7 hit. What was the main title?
Who plays Mrs. Hudson in the BBC tv series ‘Sherlock’?
JSC. What phrase was trending worldwide on Twitter after the events of 7th Jan. 2015?
Which city in the USA suffered a huge fire in 1871 allegedly started by a cow?
Thomas the Tank Engine pulled two coaches. One was Clarabel. What was the other?
Which late singer’s autobiography was entitled “Take me Home”?
“Dreams from my father, a story of race and heritance” is about which politician?
Created in 1662, In which city is Phoenix Park?
In which county will you find Fountains abbey and Studley Water Gardens?
Of the ten most populated cities of the USA which is furthest north?
What term is used when a clot forms in a blood vessel?
Which is the second largest bay in Britain?
Which character was played by John Inman in “Are you being served”?
In which city was the wheelchair bound Robert Ironside Chief of detectives?
Which two countries took part in the short Kargil War in 1999?
In which city’s harbour was the ship Queen Elizabeth ravaged by fire in 1972?
From the Greek for ‘artificial’, what was the first synthesised chemical element?
On which Scottish island was former Labour party leader John Smith laid to rest?
Which aperitif is named for the Paris chemist who created it in 1846?
To which Greek goddess was the Parthenon on the Acropolis in Athens dedicated?
Which is the EU’s highest capital city?
What is the term for the shedding of dead skin as by reptiles and amphibians?
What kind of furniture item is sold by IKEA under the product name, Billy?
Who presented the 1980 blockbuster documentary series, Cosmos: A Personal Voyage?
Which was nicknamed Old Rowley after a favourite stallion?
In order, what are the four strokes in an Individual Medley swimming race?
The Analects are the writings of which Eastern philosopher?
Which language gave English the word honcho as in “head honcho”?
What name specifically describes an inhabitant of Dundee?
What proper noun links titles by Bjork, Bananarama, Shocking Blue and Mark Wynter?
On the 4th, which half of a famous musical act died in California, aged 74?
In ‘Big School’ (2013), what subject was taught by Philip Glenister’s character?
Which golf course has holes called Silver Tassie, Blink Bonnie and Wee Bogle?
The hammer and the anvil are two of the bones of the middle ear. What is the third?
Which 1987 US film was based on the 1985 French film ‘Trois hommes et un couffin’?
What are the last six words of Rudyard Kipling’s ‘If’?
Films. Which Dominic starred as Merry (Meriadoc) in ‘The Lord of the Rings’?
Who is the only person to win both a Nobel Prize for Literature and an Oscar?
In Egyptian mythology, what was personified by the god Geb?
Who wrote ‘The Forsyte Saga’?
Who got to no. 12 in the charts with ‘Days’, in 1968?
What is surrounded by amniotic fluid?
In 1998 at the age of 77 who became the oldest person to fly in space?
Who wrote the poem The Dong With The Luminous Nose?
Which once popular social network announced it was to close down?
Which town is located closest to Junction 1 of the M6?
Which motor scooter had a name meaning ‘wasp’?
In Christian art what does a painting termed a ‘Pieta’ depict?
Who played Rachel Green in Friends?
Cain dwelt in the Land of Nod, which was where on the Biblical compass?
Twins consisting of one boy and one girl, such as Mark and Carol Thatcher, are called what?
What type of trans-national domestic service was first regulated across Europe in 1971?
Which actor died in September 1955 after a collision in Cholame, California?
To whom did human-rights lawyer Amal Alamuddin become engaged in April 2014?
Preceded by “He loved”, what are the chilling final two words of 1984?
What are the last four words of Gone With the Wind?
By what name was pioneering architect Charles-Édouard Jeanneret-Gris better known?
Which Swiss tennis player won the men’s singles title at the 2014 Australian Open?
The number ten raised to the power of one hundred is known by what name?
Which modern-day country staged the sailing events for the 1980 Moscow Olympics?
Which Jersey-born actor played Superman in Man of Steel?
The Wasp Factory was the debut novel of which author who died in 2013?
The Most Noble Order of the Garter was established during the reign of which King?
"Which Pixar character's first attempt to fly is comically described as ""falling with style""?"
Bruno, nephew of which late Formula 1 legend signed to drive for the Williams team?
Who was the first NASA astronaut to conduct a spacewalk?
Which city was formerly known as “Edo”?
In which country is the ski resort of Lecht?
Whose personal aircraft is known as ‚Shepherd One‛?
Which duo created the “Dagenham dialogues”?
The Walker Art Gallery is in which UK city?
A bet of Manqué at roulette covers which group of numbers?
Sanskrit is an ancient language of which modern day country?
We call it a ‘full stop’ what do Americans call it?
In which Commonwealth country are the Southern Alps?
Spider, Idiot’s Delight, Canfield, Pyramid and Clock are all forms of what card game?
Which female politician and aristocrat said ‘I married beneath me, all women do’?
Which philosopher and writer said ‘God is always on the side of heaviest battalions’?
Who co-starred with George Clooney in the 2013 movie Gravity?
Swinley Bottom forms part of the track on which famous racecourse?
Whose official country residence is Dorneywood, Buckinghamshire?
What term is used for a leap striking both heels together?
Who were the notorious Friars of St Francis of Wycombe?
Which heroine from a 1961 film had a cat called Cat?
Who was Wolfe’s opposing French general who died with him on the Plains of Abraham?
Which sportsmen wear the ‘baggy green’?
Jazz musician Jelly Roll Morton is associated with which instrument?
In the novel 'Treasure Island' name the pirate shot dead by Jim Hawkins in the rigging of the Hispaniola
Ailurophobia is the abnormal fear of what?
Name the governor of Brixton prison at the time of Tuite's escape
Name the manufacturer of the British World War II bomber the Lancaster
Which rider won the ladies European Three Day event Championship at Burghley in 1971?
The pose that Evans-Loude used came from which of Marilyn Monroe's films?
Citizen Band radio operators have nicknames for various towns and cities. In C.B. jargon which Clwyd town is called 'Sparkie Town'?
What is the equivalent Royal Navy rank to an Air Marshall in the R.A.F.?
In the novel 'Treasure Island' what is the name of the small island next to Treasure Island?
Which city in Saxony was known as Karl-Marx-Stadt from 1953 until 1990?
Ushuaia, which is now generally accepted as the southernmost city in the world, is in which country?
In which decade was the BBC's current affairs programme Panorama first broadcast?
Director of Home Alone and the first two Harry Potter films and a 15th/16th century Genoese explorer.
Over how many complete furlongs is the Chester Cup now run?
Rugby League - which country are the current holders of the European Cup?
In Greek mythology, which race of giants had a single eye in the middle of their foreheads?
"Which Coronation Street character, who ""died"" in 2006, apparently had 25 girlfriends at various times and four wives?"
Which journalist and author won the fifth series of I'm A Celebrity, Get Me Out Of Here in 2005, beating Cannon and Ball, Jimmy Osmond and Sheree Murphy amongst others?
Who directed the Noughties films One Day in September, The Last King of Scotland and Touching the Void?
What was the surname of the French explorer who discovered the area where Montreal is now situated, on this day in 1953?
What was the christian name of the daughter of William Dorrit, known as Little Dorrit in the 1857 novel of the same name by Charles Dickens?
Near which village in North Wales were the rowing events held at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games?
"The naem of which Japanese car company can be translated as ""three diamonds"", which is reflected in its fanous logo?"
"For what television series was the theme tune ""I'll be there for you"" ?"
With what biblical location would you associate the characters Shem, Ham and Japheth?
Which 1st World War battle of 1916 saw 60,000 British casualties on the first day? The battle lasted from July to November, resulting in a British advance of 12 kilometres.
In the electromagnetic spectrum, which type of radiation has the longest wavelength? Its main uses are in communication.
"Who wrote the opera ""Dido and Aeneas""?"
What was the name of Lady Chatterley's lover in Lawrence's novel?
"The cruise liner ""Costa Concordia"" sank in the Tyrhenian sea in January 2012 against the rocks of the coast of what island?"
What is the largest island in the Mediterrainean Sea?
Mathematical Formulae - What is the mathematical formula for the area of a circle?
To which family of birds does the Jay belong
Where exactly is the tallest habitable building located in the UK? It is 50 stories high with a height of 235 metres (771 feet) and was completed in 1991?
"Which actor, who died in 2011, became famous when portraying a TV character who became a household name in the 1970's? The actor won 4 emmys for his TV role and was nominated for film oscars for his parts in ""Pocketful of Miracles"" and ""Murder Inc.""."
"""The Great Gate of Kiev"" and ""Catacombs"" are two sections of which musical work by Mussorgsky?"
"The Album ""No Angel"" was the number 1 selling album in the UK in 2001, and the singer who recorded the album won the Brit. Award for best album. Who was the singer?"
"Pop music - the group called ""The Revolution"" was the backing roup for which pop singer?"
"Which American President is credited with the quote ""If you can't stand the heat get out of the kitchen""?"
Which is the most northerly of the islands of Japan? Its capital, Sapporo, has hosted the Winter Olympics.
What are the first four words of the Bible, as recorded in Genesis?
What is the traditional name for a 40th wedding anniversary?
What nationality was the pointillist artist MONDRIAN?
To what RAF base, near Wooton Bassett village, were the bodies of servicemen killed in Afghanistan formerly transported?
"The opera ""Duke Bluebeard's Castle"" and the ballet ""The Wooden Prince"" are the works of which composer?"
Which country is bordered by Latvia to the north, Ukraine to the south, and Poland to the west?
What items would be collected by a horologist?
"Which British actress won this year's U.S. Emmy award for best actress for her role in the drama series ""Mildred Pierce""?"
In which English city would you find the district of Gosforth?
Which Italian liqueur is a key ingredient of the well known cocktail, Harvey Wallbanger?
Forty years ago the Watergate scandal took place. The break-in at the Democratic party's national headquarters was found to have been authorised by two of President Nixon's closest aides, his domestic affairs advisor and his chief of staff. Name either of these men.
Name one of the two 'Great Lakes' that Niagara Falls lies between?
A quality required by quiz teams. Which French expression, commonly used in English means - coolness under stress?
Sixties pop music - Who recorded the 1962 hit record 'Sheila'?
In 1984, in Bophal, India, there was a leak of 30 tons of methyl isocyanate, which resulted in the deaths of 25,000 people. What American chemical company owned the plant where the leak occurred?
Which famous composer, though better known for other works, wrote the music for several films including 'First of the Few' and 'Henry the Fifth'?
"What traditional herb is used in a ""Margharita"" pizza ?"
In which African country did the Mau Mau rebellion break out in October 1952 ?
Whose single I saw mommy kissing Santa Claus sold three million copies in 1952 ?
In which decade did the following all occur in Britain - the first electric pylons (erected by South Wales Power Co), the first dogems (in Skegness) and the first pedestrian crossing (in Parliament Sqaure, London)?
Who duetted with Syd Owen on the single Better Believe It, which was released as part of the Children in Need appeal in 1995 ?
Which English town is situated close to the most easterly point of the United Kingdom ?
Wolframite is the most abundant ore of which metal called wolfram in Swedish? Having the chemical symbol W and Atomic Number 74 it is widely used in light bulbs and X Ray tubes.
Which city was visited by Prince William in March 2011 after suffering two earthquakes in the preceeding six months?
Which Basidon based company, adopting its current name in 1934, was the first to offer an alternative telephone service through its subsidiary, Mercury, to British Telecom in the mid 1980's?
How many dominoes are there in a double six set?
What is the correct title of the 1967 hit by Keith West that is often called Grocer Jack?
Usually made of plastic, which transparent instrument, in the shape of a triangle with one angle at ninety degrees, is used for drawing angles on paper?
Sharing his surname with a biblical character, which footballer scored the deciding goal in the 1967 FA Cup Final?
In which year was the battle of Rorke's Drift?
Becoming very famous in 1970, what is the much more famous name of Rosemary Brown who was born on August 30th 1951, since marrying in 1978 her name has become Rosemary Scallon?
What is now Africa's biggest country in terms of land area after the split of Sudan?
Whose statue, situated in Grafton Street in Dublin is known as 'the tart with the cart'?
"What disease do the French call ""la Rage""?"
"Which product was promoted with the slogan ""Full of Eastern Promise""?"
"Which book of the New Testament, as with Genesis, starts with the words ""In the beginning ...."" ?"
In which English city will you find the Ashmolean museum?
Who allegedly solved the riddle of the Gordian knot simply by slicing it with his sword?
Which London theatre used to boast 'We Never Close'?
Which was the first commercial jet airliner to go into service in the UK?
Which geological perioed falls between the Triassic and the Cretaceous periods?
Which was the earliest London underground line?
Which opera by Borodin features the Polovtsian Dances?
Which European country switched to driving on the right in 1967?
Kurt Russell is the long term partner of which actress?
What is the first name of Madame Bovary in Flaubert's 1856 novel?
Daniel Casey played the role of Detective Sergeant Troy in which TV series?
Which Scottish engineer gave the first public demonstration of TV?
Who is the Greek God of War?
In Greek mythology, who fell in love with his own statue of a woman?
What name is given to the soft spots on a baby's head which, during birth, enable the bony plates of the skull to flex allowing the child's head to pass through the birth canal?
"Which work by Dylan Thomas starts with the words ""To begin at the beginning""?"
Which English TV presenter became very famous on Dec 1st 1976 when he interviewed the punk band The Sex Pistols live on TV prompting much bad langauge from the band?
What is the name of the strait that lies between Australia and New Guinea that links the Coral Sea to the East with the Arafura Sea to the west?
Caroline of Brunswick was the queen consort of which British King?
What was the name of the British teacher jailed in Sudan in 2007 for allowing a teddy bear to be called Mohammed?
In relation to phobias what word describes the fear of strangers or foreigners?
Which Scottish author who died in 1930 had Ignatius as one of his christian names?
Which token in a game of Monopoly was once known as Rich Uncle Pennybags?
Aladdin Sane and Diamond Dogs were number one albums for which famous singer in the 1970's?
David Tyler is the current chairman of which leading supermarket chain?
"Which ""Carry On"" film contained the line 'Oh yes colonel, many times, but never with a daffodil'?"
"Which actor played the lead role of Jay Gatsby in the 1974 film ""the Great Gatsby"""
Which other colour, along with yellow and green appears on the flag of Gabon?
"Which snooker player had the nickname ""The Thunder from Down Under""?"
"Who is the principal actor who plays a character named Michael Blomqvist in the 2011 film ""The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo""?"
Originally marketed as a rat poison what is the most commonly used drug in the treatment of thrombosis and embolism?
Lisinopril, Benazipril and Perindopril are drugs that are often used to chiefly combat which common human condition?
"What is the name of the short actor who plays the main role in the BBC2 comedy series""Life's too short""?"
Which US state lends its name to a baked pudding, made with ice cream, sponge and meringue?
The human brain is made up of between 10 billion and 100 billion nerve cells known as what?
Which microprocessor was introduced by Intel in 1993?
The upper house of the Canadian parliament is known as the Senate; what is the lower house called?
In which northern English city will you find the Royal Armouries Museum?
Where in the west country can you find a branch of the Tate Gallery?
The Nazi regime was Germany's Third Reich; which was the first Reich?
In 1992 Durham joined the County Cricket Championship; which county was the last one to join before Durham?
Which county won the County Cricket Championship in 1959, after Surrey had won seven consecutive titles from 1952 to 1958?
Who is the only person allowed to consume alcohol in the chamber of the British House of Commons and even then on only one special day of the year?
"During the local version of which once popular dance craze were you invited to ""put your backside in and your backside out""?"
Which German shell-shock victim was taken to Hollywood after the First World War, where he became a star and is said to have died in the arms of Jean Harlow?
The magic lantern was an early form of what item of photographic equipment?
What name is given to the Middle Eastern dish of deep fried balls of ground chickpeas or Fava Beans, usually served in Pitta Bread?
By what name were the sultan's household troops known during the Ottoman Empire ?
what is chased down Cooper's Hill in Gloucestershire in a traditional race every Spring Bank Holiday?
On which river does Cardiff stand?
What was the name of the USAAF B-17 Flying Fortress whose aircrew were the first to complete 25 missions in Europe during World War II ?
"Used to describe insects such as the Mayfly that only live for a short time, what word derives from the Greek for ""living a day""?"
What is the most popular name for Whistler's canvas Arrangement in Grey and Black?
Which Dutch govenor, in 1664, tried to resist the British seizure of New York?
Which 18th century stately home is situated one mile south of Woodstock in Oxfordshire?
Which country left the Commonwealthin 1972 and rejoined in 1989?
Who has recently overtaken Brian O'Driscoll to become Ireland's most capped player?
Which French chemist, regarded as the father of modern chemistry, was guillotined in 1794?
Which castle near Deal in Kent has served, since 1708, as the official residence of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports?
What type of sportsman is a Rikishi?
In Osacar Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest who utters the line 'a handbag' ?
What exactly was 'Rob Roy' built at Dumbarton, Scotland in 1818?
Although not the state capital, which is the largest city in the U.S. state of Nebraska ?
In which Lake District town would you find the Cumberland Pencil Museum?
Which war veterna, who died in 2009 had the nickname 'The Last Fighting Tommy'?
Having held the position since 2004, Richard Wallace is the editor of which daily newspaper?
Appointed on June 22nd 2011 who is the current manager of Birmingham City FC?
Which prison themed TV series that began in 1979 featured an evil prison officer named Joan (the freak) Ferguson, played by the actress Maggie Kirkpatrick?
Having a height of 3,478 metres, Mount Mulhacen is the highest mainland point of which country?
Symphony number 104 by Joseph Haydn and symphony number 2 by Ralph Vaughan Williams are both named after which European capital city?
Which American golfer, winner of three majors, was tragically killed in a plane crash on October 25th 1999, at the time of his death he was the reigning US Open Champion?
Who did Betty Boothroyd replace as Speaker of the House of Commons on April 27th 1992?
With which song did Lulu represent the UK in the 1969 Eurovision Song Contest?
Which TV series was won by a man named Paddy Doherty on September 8th this year?
Created in 1952, which is Britain's only coastal National Park?
Which order of insects contains the most species?
In which sea are the Cayman Islands?
Hillary Mantel won the 2009 Booker Prize with which novel?
Which common flower has the Latin name Bellis Perennis ?
Before which annual sporting event is it the custom for the two club Presidents to toss a coin, an 1829 sovereign?
Which British king married Mary of Teck?
Which of the seven wonders of the ancient world was thought to have straddled the harbour of a Greek island?
Who writes the scripts for the TV series Downton Abbey?
"In the 1964 book ""Charlie and the Chocolate Factory"" by Roald Dahl, what is the name of the young girl who is described as 'a girl who is spoiled by her parents'? She is the second person to find a golden ticket and the third to be ejected from the tour."
If all the elements in the periodic table were placed in alphabetical order, which would be the first listed that is represented by a single letter symbol?
Which British Prime Minister married Clementine Hozier on September 12th 1908?
Which British Prime Minister married Gladys Mary Baldwin on January 1st 1940?
"The song ""Have yourself a merry little Christmas"" comes from which musical?"
Which eleven letter word is used to describe the art of bellringing?
What was the name of the letters that in 1566 implicated Mary Queen of Scots in the murder of her second husband, Lord Darnley?
What was the famous name of English singer Katherine O'Rourke? Born in 1938 she once represented the UK in the Eurovision Song Contest.
In which town in Greater Manchester did Coronation Street actress Betty Driver sadly pass away recently?
"Published in 1900, who was the author of the children's book ""The Wonderful Wizard of Oz""?"
"Published in 1883, who was the author of the children's book ""The Adventures of Pinocchio""?"
"Who, in 1983 sang the theme song to the James Bond film ""Octopussy""?"
"""Because I'm worth it"" was the advertising slogan for which product on TV?"
Traditionally served in a tall glass, what name is given to the dessert that traditionally contains fresh fruit, tinned fruit, whipped cream and a cherry on the top?
"Which town in Essex takes its name from the old English for Here - Wic, meaning ""military settlement""?"
Which actor played the title role in the ITV series 'Tarzan' from 1966 to 1968?
Which now extinct creature that could reach up to 13 feet in height takes its name from the Mansi language words 'Mang Ont' meaning 'Earth Horn'?
In which book of the Old Testament does the destruction of the walls of Jericho occur?
In which northern British town can you find a large shopping centre called Hounds Hill?
Which modern day country was known until 1981 as British Honduras?
Which ex-politician, now aged 80, had the nickname 'The Chingford Skinhead'
What is the usual colour of the drink Grenadine?
Which Englsih football club play home matches at the Sports Direct Arena?
Which film of 2005, directed by Sam Mendes, is based on former marine and author Anthony Swafford and his pre Desert Storm experiences in Saudi Arabia and fighting in Kuwait?
The name of which French newspaper translates as The World?
Who won the Oscar for Best Film Director for the film Silence of the Lambs?
"Which famous speech of 1968 began with the words ""The supreme function of statesmanship is to provide against preventative evils""?"
"""The Black Gang"" in 1922 and ""Temple Tower"" in 1929 were books that featured which fictional character created by Cyrile McNeile?"
The traditional Royal Navy game of Uckers, invented in the late 18th century was an early version of which now popular board game?
Which famous London events which occurred between April 10th and April 12th 1981 were dealt with in the Scarman report?
The A23 road connects London to which coastal resort in East Sussex?
Stretching a total of 80 miles, which is Northern Ireland's longest river?
"What was the name of the Jester in Shakespeare's ""As You Like It""?"
What is Prince William's second christian name?
On this day, April 17th, in 1984, during an infamous incident in London, the murder of which person toolk place which has had long term political implications?
What district of Liverpool has the surname of a famous 20th century singer and film star ?
What was the former name of Manchester airport ?
"Which famous western movie ends with the line :- ""Oh good, for a minute I thought we were in trouble"" ?"
"Which Scottish actor, born in Paisley, starred in the movies ""300"", ""Law Abiding Citizen"" and ""P.S. I love you"" ?"
Who is the current Australian prime minister ?
"In Italy, if you were served ""Mortadella"", what foodstuff would you be about to eat ?"
Who was the commander of the German sixth army which fought and lost the Battle of Stalingrad ?
What are the membranes enveloping the brain and spinal cord called ?
"Which French artist, along with Picasso, was a founder of Cubism ? He designed sets for Diaghilev ballets and was awarded the Legion D'Honneur. Among his works are ""The Woman Musician"" and ""The Candlestick""."
"When asked about the role of Prime Minister, which 20th century prime minister replied ""Interesting work, fine town house, nice place in the country, servants, plenty of foreign travel"" ?"
"Which British artist, born in Dublin, painted ""Triptych"" and ""Two figures with a Monkey"" ?"
What is the name of the neo-Norman fantasy castle situated close to Bangor, between Snowdonia and the Menai strait ? It was built in the early 19th century by a family who made their money from sugar and Welsh slate, and is now in the care of the National Trust.
Who bought the McDonalds fast food outlet business from the McDonald brothers in 1961 and went on to build the business into a world wide billion dollar business ?
"Which British king, famous for his string of mistresses,said ""I do not believe God would damn a man for a little irregular pleasure"" ? He made pleasure-seeking an art form, &was keenly interested in theatre and horse-racing, and was the first monarch to have his own yacht."
If a right angled triangle has two sides measuring 9 and 12 inches how many inches long is the third and longest side ?
"Which 2 scientists became the first to ""split the atom"", that is dividing the atomic nucleus ? They were awarded the Nobel prize for physics in1951. ( both surnames required )"
On this day, November 6th, 1924 who was elected as British Prime Minister?
A Lemur is a small primate found only on which island?
Much in the news, who is the Director General of the BBC?
Which saint established a monastery and Christian community on the island of Lindisfarne in the year 635 ?
Formula 1 - On which racetrack was the World Champion Ayrton Senna killed?
Which saint established a monastery and Christian community on the island of Iona in the year 563?
Which Frenchman, a football administrator and head of FIFA from 1921 to1954 is regarded as the founder of the football World Cup?
"AWFUL JOKES - Which four words comlete this awful joke? A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm and says ""A beer please and ................................................"""
"""The Hunchback of Notre Dame"" by Victor Hugo is one of the greatest ever French novels. What is the original French title of the book ?"
Which author created the fictional character Moll Flanders ?
Which German mathematician, physicist and astonomer (1777 - 1855) was involved in the first worldwide survey of the Earth's magnetic field and gives his name to a unit of magnetic induction ?
"The former Tory Home Secretary Reginald Maudling is quoted as saying, ""For God's sake bring me a large scotch. What a bloody awful country"". To where was he referring ?"
"Who painted ""Girl before a Mirror"" ?"
The male of which species of white whale develops a long twisted tusk that projects through its upper lip ?
"Shakespeare coined which four word phrase in the play ""Macbeth"" which has become a commonly used cliche for compassion ?"
In what classic novel are the two principal male characters called Cal and Aron ?
What is the chief river of Burma ?
The name of which chemical element of the Periodic Table ends with the letters KEL ?
Which T.V. Quiz show host used the catchphrase :- If its' up there, I'll give you the money myself ?
"Horse racing - who was the champion ""flat racing"" jockey in Britain in 2012, riding 162 winners ?"
In 1703, Isaac Newton succeeded which of his rivals as President of the Royal Society ?
In Japan, the term Mikado is an alternative name for what ?
Who takes over the important position of Governor of the Bank of England in 2013 ?
"Which comedian had a top ten hit record in 1954 with the record ""Don't Laugh at me"" ?"
"Geography - which ""Strait"" in the Mediterranean lies between Sicily and mainland Italy ?"
In which famous musical, widely seen on the stage and made into a 1958 film, does NURSE NELLIE FORBUSH appear ?
"Which Welsh author, born in Cardiff, has written over 30 books, including ""Pillars of the Earth"", ""Fall of Giants"" and ""Capricorn One""?"
Who was the first leader of the Liberal Democrats ?
Which Christian festival day is held 40 days after the resurrection of Christ ?
Which 20th century British prime minister had the longest surname ?
Who was the first leader of the Russian Federation ?
Which business organisation took over the Somerfield chain of stores ?
A firm called Silver Cross, which has been based in Keighley, Yorkshire since 1877, has had the Queen, Gwyneth Paltrow and Jennifer Lopez as customers. What does Silver Cross make ?
In which European country is the HQ of the food company, Nestle ?
Which pop legend recently topped the album charts with The Next Day ? His first number one since 1993.
An apartment in which building has been the official London residence of the MP for Buckingham since June 2009 ?
Who scored Wrexham's fourth and final spot-kick against Grimsby Town in the penalty shoot0out at Wembley last month ?
Which is the largest city in Scandinavia by population ?
What are motorways called in Germany ?
Which role is being played in a recently released film by the actor whose previous roles include Tim Canterbury in TV and Arthur Dent in film ?
"Which part of Wales was made the frist ""area of outstanding natural beauty"" in 1956 ?"
Which historical 17th century event would you associate with the Monteagle Letter?
Which English king was married to Catherine of Braganza from 1662 to 1685?
Which team recently knocked Manchester City out of this season's Capital One Cup?
In the 1971 Number One hit Ernie by Benny Hill, what was the name of the widow that Ernie loved who lived at 22 Linley?
In the 1971 Number One hit Ernie by Benny Hill, what was the name of Ernie's horse who was kicked by his rival, Two-ton Ted from Teddington?
The 66 mile long Shropshire Union Canal links the city of Wolverhampton to which town situated in Cheshire?
Situated on Great Russell Street in London, what is the name of the building that houses the headquarters of the T.U.C.?
Which famous sporting figure was the subject of attention by a 34 year old businessman named Marcus McGhee in December 2008?
Probably best remembered as being chief presenter of ITV's News At Ten between 1976 and 1991which British journalist and broadcaster sadly passed away on July 20th 2012?
What was the more famous two word name of American singer and ukele player who had the real name Herbert Khaury. In 1968 he released a classic version of a popular song which he sang in a high pitched voice?
What 3 word name is given to the neurological disorder characterised by having an irresistable urge to move a part of one's body to stop uncontrolable or odd sensations. It is sometimes referred to as Willis ekborn Disease?
Which boy's name, according to website BabyCenter, is the most globally popular for the eigth year in a row?
Give the title of the first UK No 1 hit single of the group 'Take That'?
Which group had a number one hit in 2009 with 'I Gotta Feeling'?
Cathay is a poetic name for which far eastern country?
Russia's TU-144 plane was the broad equivalent of which western airliner?
Which 1979 science fiction film was at one time going to be called Star Beast?
The lack of which vitamin caused scurvy in the early days of the Navy ?
What type of beverage does a barista prepare and serve ?
What colour are Hydrangea flowers in acidic soil ?
For how long did the Sleeping Beauty fall asleep according to most versions of the fairy story ?
What in the human body are enclosed in the Pleura ?
"Whose last recorded words in the House of Commons were: ""I wish everyone, friend or foe, well. And that is that. The end "" ?"
Whose recent autobiography is entitled Running My Life ?
Which film director visited the deepest point on Earth in 2012 ?
Which Scottish University was established as the world's first Mechanics Institute in 1821 ?
The addition of what item turns a Martini into a Gibson ?
What type of oil is traditionally used to protect cricket bats ?
In which year did both T-Rex's Marc Bolan and Elvis Presley die ?
Who wrote the classic ghost story The Monkey's Paw ?
In the fairy tale Thumbelina, what creature wants the miniature girl to marry her son ?
Who is the current Secretary-General of the United Nations ?
In which month is the Gaelic festival of Beltane traditionally celebrated ?
Who was named the best player at Euro 2012 by UEFA ?
Greek philosopher Socrates was sentenced to death by drinking which kind of poison ?
The Uffizi and the Bargello are among the museums of art in which European city ?
What collective noun is normally used to describe a group of finches or hummingbirds ?
What term describes a vertical stone bar separating the panes of a window, often found in Gothic architecture ?
In which TV establishment were Miss Gatsby and Miss Tibbs residents ?
Which Disney character is brought to life by the Blue Fairy ?
Which entertainer was known as ' The Brazilian Bombshell ' ?
' Ophidian ' refers to what kind of creatures ?
Which Cricket county's ' Twenty / 20 ' team are known as the ' Foxes ' ?
In the novel Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde , what is Dr Jekyll's first name ?
Which Canadian darts player is nicknamed ' Darth Maple ' ?
What is the name of Tokyo's seaport ?
In which city was the rock star Michael Hutchence found dead in 1997 ?
Which President of the USA has daughters named Malia Ann and Natasha or more famously Sasha ?
Which type of hat takes its name from an 1894 novel by George Du Maurier where the title character has the surname O'Ferrall ?
Which British band reached number one in the UK pop charts in June 1983 with the record 'Every Breath You Take'?
"In the story of Jason and the Argonauts, what was the name of the Greek god who rises from the sea and holds the rocks in place in order to let the ship ""The Argo"" to pass ?"
Ridden by jockey Brian Fletcher, which horse won the 1968 Grand National at odds of 100 / 7 ?
Living from 1924 to 2006 what was the name of the Detective Police Superintendant of Scotland Yard who famously tracked down Great Train Robber Ronnie Biggs after he escaped from prison in 1965, although he had to leave without arresting him ?
Which Spanish soup containing onions, tomatoes, peppers and cucumbers and traditionally thickened with stale breadcrumbs is always served cold ?
Name the year - Norfolk farmer Tony Martin shootsand kills a 16 year old burglar in his farmhouse, UK fuel protesters almost bring the country to a standstill and Paula Yates and Robin Day both sadly die ?
Recently appointed, what is the name of the current manager of Southampton Football Club ?
Alternatively known as Austrpphlebia Costalis, what type of insect is a Southern Giant Darner ?
Which well known five word saying, meaning 'dealing with a small problem before it comes large' was first cited in Henry Chettle's 'Piers Plainnes Seaven Yeres Prentship' in the year 1595 and is loosely concerned with plants ?
Which political party, founded in 1967, has its headquarters in London and currently has the leader Ian Edward ?
Darwin is the capital of which Australian state ?
Which toy won the award for Toy of the Year in 1997 ? It came under controversy in 1999 when Conservative pundit Jerry Falwell claimed that one of them was a homosexual model for children.
In the human body, what eight letter word is used to describe the purulent inflammation of the gums and tooth sockets often leading to lossening of the teeth ?
Which Lancashire born entertainer was deported from South Africa in 1946 for his refusal to play to white-onle audiences and was indeed cheered by a black audience after embracing a small black girl who had presented his wife with a box of chocolates ?
How did a 17 year old named Charlie Morgan create headline news on January 23rd this year ?
Which famous 1847 novel by Charlotte Bronte features a character named Edward Rochester who resides at Thornfield Hall?
Whic famous 1814 novel by Jane Austen features a character named Fanny Price, the second eldest of nine children?
"Which energy drink, introduced in 1987 has the advertising slogan ""gives you wings""?"
Which film of 1988 sees the lead male character, named Dan Gallagher, terrorised by an obsessed woman named Alex Forest, an editor for a publishing company?
Irish writer and poet Oscar Wilde, who died in 1900, is buried in which European country?
Which tennis player played in three consecutive men's singles finals at Wimbledon between 1963 and 1965, losing on all three occasions?
With which famous male criminal would you associate the address 25 Cromwell Street, Gloucester?
Which of the Noble Gases takes its name from the Greek for 'hidden' ?
What nationality was the tennis player Judy Teggart who lost to Billie Jean King in the 1968 Ladies Single Final at Wimbledon?
Which ex British daily newspaper was first published in 1968 and featured the front page headline 'Second Spy Inside GCHQ'? It cost 18 pence and was owned by Eddy Shah a Manchester based businessman.
Which Scottish mathematician, physicist, astronomer and astrologer who lived from 1550 to 1617is widely regarded as being the discoverer of logarithms?
Which famous stage production, first seen in 1973, contains a scruffily dressed hunchback named Riff Raff?
Introduced in 1940, the 'Local Defence Volunteers' later became known by what two word name?
Which professional golfer has three nicknames, one of which is 'The wild Thing'?
"""Oh I say"", was the famous saying of which sports commentator who died in 1992?"
Three Men in a Boat was a famous novel of 1889 by which famous author?
What was the name of the female that politician John Profumo had an affair with which ended his political career in 1963?
Which pop group in October 1974 reached NumberOne in the UK charts with Sad, Sweet Dreamer?
Which six letter Japanese word describes a class of professional women in Japan who are trained from girlhood to dance and entertain social gatherings of men?
The town of Keswick in Cumbria lies just north of which body of water?
Which Germna military leader had the nickname 'The Blue Max'? He commited suicide on October 15th 1846 by swallowing potassium cyanide after being found guilty of war crimes at the Nuremberg War Crimes Trial.
With a population of almost 930,000 inhabitants, what is the capital city of Nicaragua?
'The Slave of Duty' is the alternative name for which Gilbert and Sullivan opera?
Edward the Black Prince was the father of which English King?
The book The Red badge of Courage was set during which war?
What was the name of the influential book club founded by Victor Gollancz in 1936?
"Which institution is known as 'The Old Lady of Threadneedle Street""?"
In which Middle Eastern country is the ancient city of Petra ?
Barnacles , crabs and lobsters belong to which class of marine life ?
What invention by a Mr Schick in 1931 might be said to have changed the face of man ?
Who wrote the short story on which the much admired film The Shaw - shank Redemption was based ?
Which anti-conformist movement in 1950's fashion began in New York's West Village and was characterised by black slim trousers , thick sweaters and untucked shirts ?
Comprising around two-thirds of the Earth's mass , what is found between the core of the Earth and its crust ?
Which opera by Rossini , his last , is based on a play by Schiller ?
The name of what type of pasta comes from the Italian for ' ridged ' ?
"Which Shakespeare play features the line: "" The play's the thing / Wherein I'll catch the conscience of the king. "" ?"
Which geological period came between the Triassic and Cretaceous periods?
Jupiter ; Saturn and Uranus are three of the so-called ' gas giants ' in our Solar System: what is the fourth ?
Which French vessel was the first ocean-going liner to exceed 1,000 feet in length ?
How much did British MP's receive when they were first paid a salary in 1912 ?
Who wrote the title song for the James Bond film From Russia With Love?
Which German word meaning 'armour' was applied to certain army divisions in World War II ?
"In 1965, who became the first American astronaut to ""walk in space""?"
Name the town in the vicinity of Versailles famous for its hard-paste porcelain.
On which of the hills of ancient Rome were the main residences of the Caesars?
The Kremlin in Mosocw is known as the seat of government in Russia. What does the Russian word 'kremlin' mean?
Which musical features the song 'Second Hand Rose'?
Which actor/comedian/quiz presenter was once a professional footballer with Brentford?
In which part of the human body can you find the Malleus or Hammer bone ?
What was the name of the African, American civil rights activist dubbed ‘ The first lady of civil rights ‘ who on December 1st 1955 refused to obey bus driver James Blake’s order that she gave up her seat in the coloured section of the bus to a white passenger because the white section was full ?
Which English football club used to play their home matches at The Old Show Ground until moving to their current stadium in 1988 ?
Sometimes called a Loganberry when first Patented by David L Jennings of Dundee in 1979 what name is given to a fruit that is a cross between a blackberry and a red raspberry, it takes it’s name from a well known British river ?
In which athletics event has the Fosbury Flop been much adopted since 1968 ?
Hob and Jill are the male and female names respectively for which type of creature ?
What is the country of origin of the supermarket chain Aldi ?
What was the title of the fourth 'Alien' film starring Sigourney Weaver ?
Who recorded the original version of the song When A Man Loves A Woman ?
Which acid is found in rhubarb leaves ?
Which was the only team that England did not beat in their qualifying campaign for the 2014 Soccer World Cup ?
"Which garden feature is a structure consisting of a framed passageway covered with climbing and trailing plants and has a name derived from the Latin for ""projecting roof"" ?"
Who wrote Fantasia on a Theme by Thomas Tallis ?
Which Chinese deer, now found only in captivity , was named after a nineteenth century French missionary ?
What is the official residence of the Lord Mayor of London ?
The multi-millionaire Hans Rausing made his fortune in what sort of industry ?
In the acronym REM, which describes stage of sleep during which dreams occur, for what does the R stand ?
Who wrote the 1961 novel The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie ?
Which cartoon character lived in Bunkerton Castle ?
Flemish is almost identical in form to which other language ?
Which movie won the Oscar for Best Film at the 2013 Academy Award ceremony ?
In Indian cookery, dishes known as 'tandoori' are so named because their preparation involves a tandoor. What is a tandoor ?
What is the name of the island that separates the two largest waterfalls at Niagara ?
The astronauts Taylor, Landon and Donovan are characters in which 1968 science fiction film ?
What in the world of the internet is an ISP ?
By what name is the tree Fraxinus excelsior more commonly known ?
What is the surname of singer Florence of 'Florence and the Machine' ?
In the Hans Christian Andersen tale, what item could a princess feel through 20 mattreses ?
What was the name of the German encryption machine whose code was deciphered at Bletchley Park during World War II ?
Which state did frontiersman Davy Crockett represent in the US House of Represenatives ?
Some Americans claim to have seen a Sasquatch; by what name is it better known ?
Which country was the birthplace of Henry V111’s first wife Catherine Of Aragon ?
Which French author wrote the 1909 novel The Phantom Of The Opera ?
George Washington Goethals was the chief engineer for which construction that was completed In 1914 ?
"Which popular family farmhouse – styled licensed restaurant that now has over 200 Different outlets was founded in 1983 and has the advertising slogan ""Bring Out The Best"" below the words ""Salad And Grill"" ?"
What was the surname of the 19th president of the USA who had the first christian name Rutherford ?
What was the name of the American doctor who in 2011 was sentenced to four years in Jail after being convicted of the involuntary manslaughter of pop star Michael Jackson ?
Which 1988 children’s novel by Roald Dahl features a hostile school headmistress named Miss Trunchbull ?
Which Indian born author who lived from 1903 to 1950 had the real name Eric Arthur Blair ?
Opened by Sir Ranulph Fiennes, The Drumnadrochit Hotel situated in the Scottish Highlands is a tourist attraction that centres on which famous Scottish figure ?
What was the name of the Russian Submarine that sank in the Barents Sea in the year 2000 ?
Queen Joan Of Navarre was the wife of which English king ?
Which letter of the Greek alphabet when written looks like a capital P ?
What is the name of the spider that has recently been in the news for attacking a 39 year old man in an Essex school, Described as being approximately 11 millimetres long they have a reputation for being extremely aggressive with a highly poisonous bite ?
"Which North African food dish made of coarsely ground wheat takes it’s name from the Arabic word Kaskasa meaning ""To Pound"" ?"
Which island country was the main setting for the James Bond film Dr No ?
Which Australian won the men’s singles title at Wimbledon in 1956 and 1957?
Which British group who had most success in the 1970’s were fronted by lead singer Lee Brilleaux ?
Sixty year old Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is the current president of which South American country ?
In the human body, what seven letter word describes the loss of the sense of smell ?
"""Serpula Lacrymans"" is the technical name for which decay of seasoned timber caused by a fungi that consume the cellulose of wood, leaving a soft skeleton which is readily reduced to powder ?"
Which English producer and screenwriter is responsible for the creation of the fictional school Grange Hill ?
The 1964 film A Shot In The Dark was the sequel to which film of the same year ?
Which two word named plant, also known as Dionaea Muscipala is characterised by having hinged two lobed leaves that snap closed when the sensitive hairs on it's surface are touched ?
Which English mechanical and civil engineer who died in 1859 was responsible for engineering the Great Western Railway and designing the Clifton Suspension Bridge in Bristol ?
Which one word appeared as main headline news on the front page of the Sun newspaper the day after the sinking of the Belgrano in May 1982 ?
"Which US City has the nickname ""Beantown"" ?"
Johnny Weissmuller and Ron Ely are famous for playing which character on screen ?
Which major computer language shares it's name with an Indonesian Island ?
In which famous book of 1880 does a character named Peter, feeling deprived of attention by the title character push a young girl named Clara's wheelchair down a mountain to it's destruction ?
What six letter word is used to describe the soft skin that covers a deer's antlers as they develop ?
What name links the name of an act that once represented the UK in the Eurovision Song contest and the name of the elephant that in 1969 famously defaced and dragged the Keeper through the Blue Peter studio ?
Covering an area in excess of 30,000 square miles, in which country can you find the 'Dasht  e Kavir Desert' the largest to lie wholly in it's own country?
Whom did Andy Murray defeat in the Wimbledon men's singles final in 2013 ?
What's the name of the intelligent talking horses in Swift's Gulliver's Travels ?
In which contact sport do two rikishi compete inside a dohyo ?
What do students at Oxford call their formal academic attire ?
Which Scottish actor played the butler Hudson in the original series of ITV's Upstairs, Downstairs ?
What Latin phrase indicates that an aristocrat holds a title in her or his own right ?
Which is the most southerly Irish city ?
Which French phrase commonly used in English means literally 'already seen' ?
Which country singer/songwriter was known as the 'Man in Black' ?
From which other card game is bridge derived ?
How is seasonal allergic rhinitis more commonly known ?
In which year was the ten shilling note withdrawn in the UK following the introduction of the 50p coin ?
What term is given to a piece of artwork that is painted directly onto a wall or architectural feature ?
What type of creature is a margay ?
Of which organ is otitis an inflammation ?
What is Marge Simpson's maiden name ?
What was the name of the secret society which led a revolt of the Kikuyu people of Kenya in 1952 ?
In Act 3, Scene 3 of Shakespeare's The Winter's Tale, how does Antigonus leave the stage ?
In the 1970's , who became the first actor to be raised to the peerage ?
Which sidekick rode a horse called Scout ?
Who was the first Republican President of the United States ?
According to the Old Testament, who was the wife of Abraham and the mother of Isaac ?
Which TV creatures ate Blue String Pudding ?
Which national anthem was originally called the 'War Song for the Rhine Army'?
What is the inscription on the George Cross ?
What nationality was the astronomer Copernicus ?
Who wrote the musical Blood Brothers ?
What name is given to the study of insects ?
Give a year in the life of the artist Diego Velazquez.
What is the name of the estuary north of Bordeaux in SW France, formed by the confluence of the Garonne and Dordogne rivers ?
In the West Indies, what is the collective name for Cuba, Hispaniola, Jamaica and Puerto Rico ?
Which superhero film, produced by Marvel Studios and written and directed by Joss whedon, was the highest grossing film world-wide in 2012 ?
Jmaes Righton, vocalist of the new rave band Klaxons, married which 28 year old British actress in a low key ceremony in France in May this year ?
Which 41 year old actress is the owner of the lifestyle company Goop.com, author of two cookbooks and was named the world's most beautiful woman for 2013 bt People magazine ?
Which four word motto appeared on US banknotes for the first time on this day in 1982 ?
Who was manager of Sheffield Wednesday when they won the League Cup in 1991, beating Manchester United in the final ?
Since 1998, teams in which Olympic sport have included a libero, who wears a different colour shirt from his or her team mates and can swap in and out of the side freely between points ?
Who knocked Andy Murray out of the 2013 US Open in the quarter-finals? (Surname only will do)
By whatname are the four novels of Paul Scott best known, the last of which is entitled A Division of Spoils ?
What is Koo Stark's real first name ?
Arctic King, Saladin and Tom Thumb are which types of vegetable?
Which Gilbert and Sullivan operetta is sub-titled The Slave of Duty?
Apart from a battle, what did Nelson lose at Tenerife in 1797?
Who became Germany's first female chancellor?
Who wrote The Railway Children?
Turin lies on which river?
Which late MP owned Saltwood Castle in Kent?
Which UK store was first to have an escalator installed?
What is the second most abundant element in the Earth's crust, representing approximately a quarter of its mass?
In physics, 'the rate of change of position' is a basic definition of what term?
The port of Plymouth is in which English county?
A dendogram is a diagram of what shape?
Who became the ruler of Russia in 1964 until his death in 1982?
Name BP's catastrophic Gulf of Mexico oil rig, lost off the US Louisiana coast?
FIDE (Federation Internationale Des Echecs) is the world federation of which activity?
English economist and physician Nicholas Barbon helped to pioneer which type of insurance in 1666?
Dame Ninette de Valois, the eminent ballet teacher, director, and founder of The Royal Ballet and Birmingham Royal Ballet, was born in which country?
Across Eastern Europe, the Middle East and parts of Asia, what are known as keftes or kufta, and similar words derived from Persian, kuftan, meaning beat or grind?
A sophomore is a student in which year of a US college?
Cape Wrath is on the coast of which country?
What would a person normally do with perique?
What is the traditional name of the woven tape used in dressmaking or millinery for stiffening fabric?
In Richard Sheridan's 1770s play The Rivals what appropriately named character is noted for her amusing misuse of words?
What is the international telephone dialling code for Germany?
A sequence of numbers beginning 0, 1, in which each number is the sum of the previous two numbers is named after what Italian mathematician who devised the system?
Fines of £5.3m, criticized as paltry and insulting, were imposed on Shell, Total and BP, five years after the huge 2005 explosion and fire at what UK oil storage depot?
Name the UK budget holiday company specialising in Turkey and Greece which went bust in July 2010?
What is Nashville's famous university in Tennessee US, named after the shipping and railroad magnate nicknamed Commodore?
Said to refer erroneously to the temperature at which book paper catches fire, the title of Ray Bradbury's 1953 novel about a futuristic society in which reading books is illegal, is called 'Fahrenheit...' what? 972; 451; 100; or 25?
In climatology, pluvial relates to what?
Jenny Shipley was the first female prime minister of which country?
A kittel, or kitl, is what, traditionally worn by male Jews?
How many Oscars did the 1994 film 'Forrest Gump' win?
In geology, a coomb or combe is a type of what?
Which designer is famous for his/her red-soled footwear?
Vermillion is a shade of which colour?
The port of Mocha is in which country?
London's city bike rental scheme, which launched in 2010, is based on the Bixi project which introduced bike rental to which city?
What number has the square root (to the nearest four decimal places) of 1.4142? 1; 2; 3; or 4?
The Earth's Equator is approximately how many millions of metres in length?
How many pennies were in a British pre-decimal pound? 120; 200; 204; or 240?
How many legs (including arms or pincers according to certain definitions) does a crab have?
2010 UK government figures showed that in 264,000 households no one had ever had what?
What standard test characteristic has been produced in genetically modified laboratory animals so that researchers can see easily that genetic modification has occurred?
Which English novelist is best known for his Father Brown detective series?
What was the name of the Argentine Navy cruiser which was torpedoed and sunk during the 1982 Falklands War?
In 2010 British ex-soldier Ed Stafford became the first person (ever known) to walk the entire length of what river?
The first Apollo moon landing?
Planets in our solar system?
Traditionally (UK/US) the years of a pearl wedding anniversay?
Legs of the largest group of species on earth?
Considered unlucky in Italy, probably because its Roman numerals are an anagram of a Latin word which can mean loosely 'I have lived', implying 'I am dead' ?
At the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards, Lady Gaga wore a controversial dress made of what?
What in the human body is the calcaneum?
'The Battle of Trafalgar' is the work of which British painter?
EU president Herman van Rumpuy published a book of what?
Pityriasis Capitis is the technical term for?
Who did US Forbes magazine rank in 2010 as the most powerful woman in the world?
Which corporation (as at 2010) produces Schwarzkopf haircare and Pritt glue-stick products?
What is the collective term for a group of Morris dancers?
In Japan, what is a hibachi used for?
What is harvested from Hevea brasiliensis, whose other plant names separately feature the words Para and India?
What gas, symbol F, is the most reactive of all chemical elements?
David John Moore Cornwell is better known as what spy-story writer?
What animals does a mahout work with?
The Colorado beetle attacks what crop?
What is the pole called which is used for propelling a barge or punt?
Name the ballet dancer who requested asylum in France while in Paris with the Kirov Ballet, in June 1961?
What was the US spacecraft first to return images of Mars to Earth, in July 1965?
In which country were the 1948 Winter Olympics held?
Who was the longest reigning British king?
'The Umbrellas' is the work of which French impressionist?
Dilma Rousseff was elected the first female president of which country in October 2010?
Which 1969 film starring Jane Fonda is based on the novel by Horace McCoy about a marathon dance contest?
How many suspects are in a normal game of Cluedo?
What colour is the inner ring of an Olympic archery target?
Conventional pseudo-scientific wisdom suggests that a slice of buttered toast when accidentally falling from a table or hand to the floor almost always lands butter-side down because... why?
A 13-year neurological study by the US National Institute on Ageing reported in 2010 that what significantly prevented the onset of dementia?
The state of Oaxaca, hit by a devastating mudslide in October 2010, is in which country?
The town of Budge Budge is in which country?
Which mime artist is associated with the character Bip?
What is the Japanese martial art, similar to judo, which uses grappling, throws, and non-resistance, to debilitate opponents?
What is the Southern India savoury steamed cake made of rice and served with chutney?
What was the title given to the daughters of the Kings of Spain and Portugal who were not the heir to the throne?
What is a system of muscle-building without moving joints?
What type of creature is a Meadow Brown?
Oster-monath was the Anglo Saxon name for which month of the year?
The Bell Rock Lighthouse, said to be the oldest surviving offshore lighthouse in the world, lies off the coast of which European country?
Who was the father of British King James ll?
The Bacillus Calmette-Guerin vaccine is used for immunisation against what?
Which Christmas condiment is made from fruit sometimes referred to as marshworts?
The fortified wine drink Sherry is named after what town?
Who composed the music known as The Nutcracker Suite, for the Christmas themed ballet The Nutcracker, premiered in St Petersburg, 1892?
What former Egyptian president was born on Christmas day in 1918?
In Mexico, it is said that wearing what colour/color underwear on New Year's Eve ensures finding new love the following year?
In what Eastern European country did violence arise against Uzbeks during 2010?
An American ban lasting 21 years was lifted in 2010 for what Scottish food?
Name Microsoft's hands-free gaming system launched in June 2010, a made-up word alluding to joining?
What controversial relic went on display in 2010 in the Italian city whose name it bears?
Name the head of the 'whistleblowing' website Wikileaks, in the news during 2010 after publishing thousands of sensitive government and military documents?
In what European city was snooker player John Higgins stung by the News of the World newspaper relating to an alleged betting fix?
Which famous football figure managed the Ivory Coast national team at the FIFA 2010 World Cup Finals?
Which country's coalition government, led by Jan-Peter Balkenende, collapsed in 2010 when disagreeing about extending military action in Afghanistan?
The new £340m Aviva Stadium in Ireland opened in 2010 on the site of which previous famous sports ground?
Name Google's service launched in 2009 from which support was withdrawn in 2010, which offered 'next-generation email', messaging and twitter-style micro-blogging?
Name the Surrey (UK) town which attempted to rebrand itself with the suffix '-on-Thames' due to reference by comedian Sasha Baron Cohen's wannabe gangster character?
What city, Chile's second largest, suffered an 8.8 earthquake in 2010?
"Colton Harris Moore, the 6'5"" American teenager who made the news because he stole a boat and a plane, acquired what nickname because of his lack of footwear?"
What parliamentary seat was not contested on 6 May in the UK general election due to the pre-election death of a candidate?
In the Blandings Castle stories by P G Wodehouse, what kind of animal is The Empress of Blandings?
What section of a Qwerty keyboard can type most English words, left or right?
In what popular book (and its many movies and adaptations) about an activity holiday does a dog Montmorency feature with three male characters?
What was the highest grossing movie of 2010?
Who composed the opera Cosi Fan Tutte?
Bell, Wax, Jalapeño, Habanero and Poblano are types of which fruit, (which some think is a vegetable)?
Aphasia is the medical term for the inability to use or understand what, resulting from damage to the brain?
Pony, seven and schooner are Australian terms for what?
Referring to a 1950s song what is the traditional bingo call for the number 76?
An isohel is a line on a map connecting two points which have the same duration of what?
If something is colubrine, it resembles or relates to which type of creature?
Who is the the voice of cartoon character Jack Kahuna Laguna in a special episode of Spongebob Squarepants?
Mount Lascar is in which South American country?
A Devadasi is a what?
Osmic relates to which of the senses?
Which element is mixed with gold to make red gold?
What is each section of ten beads on a rosary called?
Planchet was the servant of which of the Three Musketeers, by Alexandre Dumas?
In November 1935, which British prime minister returned to office after a general election?
The manufacture of what was prohibited in Russia between 1914-1925?
Spunky Puddle is a what?
The Qur'an (or Quran, Kuran, Koran, Coran or al-Qur'an - literally 'the recitation') is the religious text of which religion?
'The House at the Back' was one of three original houses that made up which famous London address?
Whisky, honey, oatmeal cream and egg are the ingredients for which Scottish drink?
A garboard is a range of planks on what?
From which country did French horns originate?
What nation invented the kilt?
Who is the nude bow-carrying statue in London's Piccadilly Circus?
In what month is the Munich Oktoberfest beer festival held?
An alkali turns red litmus paper what colour/color?
Colin Firth starred in the film of the famous book, Girl with a Pearl.. (what?)?
Which country suspended its annual Antarctic Whale Hunt in February 2011, after activists from a US-based environmental group chased the mother ship?
At which English racecourse did two horses collapse and die in the parade ring due to electrocution, in February 2011?
Revealed in the author's archives given to Oxford's Bodelian Library in 2008, what occupationally titled novel had the working name The Reluctant Autumn of George Smiley?
Which planet in our solar system has the shortest year?
Mistral, chinook, zonda, and willy-willy are types of which planet Earth feature?
Libya was a colony of which European country prior to World War II?
Given that a leap year (when February has 29 not 28 days) happens every four years, how long actually does it take the Earth to orbit the sun (it's not 365 days exactly - it's 365 days and how many hours, to the closest hour)?
The Japanese musical instrument the shamisen (or samisen or sangen) has traditionally how many strings (the answer, in Japanese and the earlier Chinese, is in the name)?
Anosmia is the lack of which of the senses in humans?
What is solid carbon dioxide commonly called?
What, that you might wear, may be welted?
What colour/color is Mr Bump in Hargreaves' Mr Men series of children's cartoon books?
Benesh Notation is the written language of which activity?
Who, as the first chairman of the British Rail Board, infamously directed the huge reduction in railway lines across the UK in the 1960s?
Elizabeth Taylor made a fortune from what business aside from acting?
What alcoholic drink whose name means 'little water' was first distilled from grain in the 8-9th centuries in NE Europe?
The white pinwheel shaped Tiare is the national flower of which South Pacific island group?
A banderillero is a member of a team called a cuadrilla, in which controversial activity?
Hippocampus is the Latin name for which emblematic marine creature?
Which canal is known as the 'Highway to India'?
The moons of which planet are named after Shakespearian characters?
What is the name for mammals born incompletely developed and carried and suckled in a pouch on the mother's belly?
What is the originally north African dish made of coursely ground wheat whose Arabic name, kaskasa, means 'to pound'?
At what fret are found the same notes as the open strings, but an octave higher, on a standard guitar?
What ancient African nation is (at 2011) the most populated landlocked country of the world?
What common substance has the chemical formula NaCl?
What animal is traditionally seen in the branding of Fox's Glacier Mints?
In humans, alopecia is the loss of what?
The most northerly point of mainland Europe is in which country?
Which North African country's flag is just the colour green?
Which author created the character Moll Flanders?
An Adder's Mouth is what type of plant?
US merchant and statesman John Hancock is remembered for his large and stylish signature on which document?
What term referring to a unofficial ski run is a metaphor for unrestricted creative activity which departs from a plan or agenda?
From the Greek word sphygmós, meaning pulse, what is the inflatable cuff pressure meter called which measures human blood pressure?
Rathlin Island, off the Northern Ireland coast, was refuge to which Scottish King in 1306?
A popular 1960s TV cowboy series, what is a cutaneous covering that has not been tanned?
What is the approximate speed of sound through seawater?
Name the British scientist author of the best-selling book A Brief History of Time?
Without looking and cheating - what three letters are conventionally on the number 5 button of a phone?
The International Bureau of Weights and Measures is based in which European country?
The Zapatista Army of National Liberation (Ejército Zapatista de Liberación Nacional) is a revolutionary group in which country?
What is an oblation in relation to a god? Offering; Curse; Damnation; or Church?
What is the common name of the cooking ingredient from the hard fat of kidneys and loins of oxen, famously sold under the Atora brand?
Sesame seeds are a very good dietary source of what elemental mineral?
A Gay Girl in Damascus is the title of a hoax blog by fictional feminist/freedom campaigner Amina Abdallah Alaf al Omari, who in June 2011 was said to be based and abducted in which country?
What island is noted for its biodiversity and 80% unique wildlife due to more than 80 million years' isolation from continental land mass?
What letter was added to Wii by Nintendo in 2011 when naming its next generation gaming console?
French for an additive, and a Venezuelan liberator of Ecuador, Bolivia and Peru from Spain, what was the currency of Ecuador before adopting the US dollar in the early 2000s?
Sukhoi and Tupolev are aircraft manufacturers of what nation?
In 1929 Edwin Hubble formulated a law in his name which states (among other complexities) that what recede from an observer at a rate proportional to their distance to that observer?
What technical term refers to the minimum number of (voting) members, shareholders, directors, etc., required at a meeting to be able to make valid decisions, and therefore for the meeting to proceed?
What elements are in the compound nitric acid?
The Inca people lived in which continent before conquest by the Spanish?
What is the climate change agreement aimed at stabilizing greenhouse gas levels in the atmosphere, named after the Japanese city in which participating nations agreed its framework in 1997?
A colony of Britain until 1956, with the capital city of Khartoum, the south of what African country became an independent state in July 2011?
The Picts were an ancient tribe of people occupying what country in Roman times?
Considered the largest food company globally (at 2011), Nestlé was founded and is headquartered in what country?
Human depression illness is sometimes called?
A schism normally refers to a split within what sort of institution?
What is the common term for the practice of freezing a human body in hope of a cure being developed enabling thawing and revival?
What notable vastly wealthy Budapest-born financier announced his retirement from managing external investment funds in 2011?
The Levant, (deriving from 15th century French, lever, 'rising', relating to the Eastern sunrise) refers to what part of the world?
What symbol(s) does the comic book hero Captain America have on his shield and chest?
The substances isoflurane, desflurane, nitrous oxide, and sevoflurane are used as what in medicine?
Alan Greenspan is a former chairman of what organization?
An economic recession that repeats soon, prior to recovery, is called a 'Double (what?) Recession'? Dip; Blip; Trouble; Bubble or Whammy?
In geology, Greywacke is classed as what form of sedimentary rock?
Name the market-leading discount buying website with a portmanteau name, which rejected a $6bn takeover bid from Google?
What is the square root of 0.25?
The term 'redact' in relation to document publication means what?
What is the old name (Latin, meaning 'strong water') for a solution of nitric acid in water, used in alchemy and other ancient processes?
What was the (2011 reported) average annual salary of a UK ('county') Council Chief Executive?
What number is Hurricane on the Beaufort Scale?
Name the successful travel and 'e-tailer' website founded Martha Lane Fox and Brent Hoberman in 1998?
What US city is called in Spanish 'The Meadows'?
What country connected the ironically named Bushehr plant, the first nuclear power station in the Middle East, to its national grid in Sep 2011?
What is said to be the UK's loudest bird?
What English expression for a long complex procedure derived from a old legal document called a ragman roll?
A traditional hoy boat is powered by?
What word, deriving from centuries-old papal custom, refers to favouring/favoring relatives in awarding responsibility and authority?
"What, in 2010, was Pope Benedict reported to have described as an ""...expression of the gift of oneself to God and others..""?"
What is a Gilbert Virtuo?
Indian corporation Tata bought what famous UK-twin-branded motor company from Ford in 2008?
Paul Newman's title character in the 1967 film Cool Hand Luke was imprisoned for decapitating what?, where he succcessfully accepted a challenge to eat 50 what?, respectively?
A Tale of Two Cities?
Euskadi Ta Askatasuna, better known abbreviated, represents which cause?
Haematoma and Ecchymosis are medical terms which more commonly are called a?
What is the Christian service or ceremony, named from Greek meaning grateful, commemorating the Last Supper?
What is the darkly common name for the plague which killed 30-50% of Europe between 1347-52?
The stern of a ship is its?
What sea lies directly south of the Irish Sea, bounded by England, Wales, Ireland and Brittany?
The Saltire is which country's flag?
UK 1980s prime minister Margaret Thatcher's nickname was the '(What?) Lady'?
The Clostridium Botulinum bacteria causes what commonly known but rare human poisoning?
What is the currency of Pakistan?
Ameliorate means to make something that was bad, what?
Name artist Damien Hirst's famous (supposedly £50m) diamond and platinum encrusted skull artwork?
9, 18, 22, 79 are significant?
Malaikah in the Qur'an, and Mal'akh in the Hebrew Bible?
What do people normally do in a refectory?
What anciently originating term refers to a degree and other types of qualification, deriving from the word bachelor and a punning reference to early leafy awards?
Bass red triangle was the first ever registered (UK)?
Elizabeth Dalloway's dog, in Virginia Woolf's novel Mrs Dalloway?
What ship, whose name means thunderbolt, was Nelson's flagship 1799-1801, and later a training ship for boys?
Michael Morpurgo, author of the children's book War Horse, on which the 2012 Spielberg film (of the same name) is based, held what UK position from 2003-5?
Whose father wrote and sang the popular 'Secret Lemonade Drinker' song in the award-winning British 1970s-80s R Whites Lemonade TV advert ?
The same (not the same as the question above, simply, 'the same') - from Italian?
The word husband is derived from the ancient Old Norse meanings of 'house' and what activity?
Plovers or dotterels are a type of birds classed as a?
How many cross-stars feature in the Subaru automotive badge logo?
Who painted The Card Players, at Feb 2012 the most expensive artwork in the world?
Babaotai Chuanwen refers to the so-called 'Eight (what?) Scandal' in Chinese news, Feb 2012?
Pelagic refers to the open what?
As at 2012 Goulburn Correctional Centre is considered the highest security prison of which country?
(As at 2012, and here translated into English) it is illegal to use the slogan 'One People, one Empire, one Leader' in what country?
Near Field Communication technology (NFC) is a set of standards for?
What trade takes its name from the old word for twelve dozen?
The term photovoltaic refers to technology in what renewable energy?
Frenchman Maurice André, who attributed his stamina and breath control to his teenage years as a coal miner, was a famous virtuoso player of what instrument?
What Canadian city was named by explorer Jacques Cartier, meaning originally 'Royal Mount'?
What famous detective/crime writer was the first goalkeeper and a founder of Portsmouth United Football Club?
What is the modern name of the island borough bought by Dutchman Peter Minuit from Native Americans in 1626, and then called New Amsterdam?
As at 2012 Dame Marjorie Scardino is/was head of what high-performing global media/learning corporation?
What traditionally mysterious, increasingly transparent organization is casually referred to as 'The Craft'?
The wonderfully named district of Hhohho is in which continent?
What is the Japanese word for the sash worn as a belt in traditional dress (kimonos and martial arts uniforms, etc)?
Mallard is the official world speed record holding what?
Facebook announced the acquisition of what major photo app company in April 2012?
In 2012 Harvard professor Jonathan Tilley announced research apparently proving (contrary to all previous medical thinking) what human feature can be enabled to be replenished in the host body?
What is the largest city by population in the world (at 2012, according to 'core districts' definition of city or equivalent)?
American Jim Yong Kim was appointed head of which international organization in April 2012?
The mountainous and partly lawless province of Nuristan lies in the north-east of which country?
Three what feature on the insignia or badge of the abortive Apollo 13 lunar misson?
Name the new French president of 2012?
What is the main metallic element in the core of the moon?
Trumpets and trombones are most commonly pitched at?
An analgesic drug is commonly called a?
What name besides glove is given commonly to a baseball player's handwear?
The Japanese condiment wasabi is produced from what part of the the wasabi plant?
Barra island, Outer Hebrides, has at 2012 the world's only official beach-based what?
As at 2012 an Olympic gold medal is mainly made of what metal?
What is the US word for an automotive wheel nut or the brace used to loosen/tighten one?
The main feature of the human illness diabetes is the body's inability to produce what hormone?
The Syrah grape variety makes wine that is?
From the root Greek words 'against' and 'protection', what medical term refers to a serious human allergic reaction?
The medical term bariatric refers (increasingly politically correctly) to what human condition?
What, alternatively called milk acid, is produced in the human body in power exercises?
Willis-Ekbom disease is more commonly known as?
From what is the J derived in the brand name 'J-cloth'?
A 'wherry' is a Drink; Cheese; Wind; or Boat?
What science is sometimes called 'the central science' because it connects maths and physics with other main branches of science such as astronomy, engineering, biology, etc?
Where during the Iron Age and Roman era was Gaul? West Central Europe; Spain and North Africa; Scandinavia; or Eastern Europe?
Which politician, in his previous work, set a world record in Florence in 1981 which endured for 16 years?
What is a hundredth of a thousandth?
The word bucolic refers to pleasant/positive aspects of?
The tunica intima, or intima, is the inner layer of what in the human body?
Toothpaste, turtle, oxblood, oilie/oily, ade, and swirly are types of what?
A period of Northern Hemisphere climatic extremes occurring between 1350 and 1850 is loosely referred to as 'The Little (what)'?
A harquebus/arquebus is an early form of?
Derived from the use of naval artillery what is the nautical term for the top edge of the side of a boat?
What metric prefix, denoting ten to the power of minus twelve, is named from Spanish meaning 'little bit'?
What word makes new words as a prefix with the words cover, line, code and ship?
What four countries have the largest populations in the world?
The traditional 'badge of honour/honor' title for a fully qualified surgeon/medical consultant is?
According to Latin grammatical rules what is the singular of candelabra?
What corporation pioneered the use of coupons in consumer marketing, beginning in 1887, so that by 1913 over eight million Americans had sampled its product for free?
'The Immortal Game' between a Frenchman and a German in 1851 at Simpsons in London's Strand was contested in what discipline?
Sic Bo is a Chinese game of?
What commonly used English Latin expression means literally 'so' or 'thus' or 'in this manner', and generally refers to a quoted error?
An actuary specialises in assessing?
The outlawing and monitoring of human self-bone-breaking and self-mutilation became a priority where in 2012?
What main three countries constituted the Axis Powers?
What traditional dark ale is said to derive from its consumption by early 1700s doormen and bag-carrying street workers?
The four radioactive series titled Thorium, Neptunium, Radium/Uranium and Actinium all decay eventually to stable isotopes of what element?
What automotive manufacturer's badge logo has since 1925 featured a diamond, mostly as an 'impossible optical illusion' geometric 3D frame?
What medical word refers to an inflamed throat, from the Greek word for throat?
The flamboyant Australian Darren Lyons controversially bought back his bankrupt agency business assets in 2012 to continue trading in what industry?
What Caribbean nation is considered the first black-led republic in the world?
The retail expression 'Dark Store' refers to a shop premises designed/converted for what purpose?
The word milieu refers to a person's?
Lysergic Acid Diethylamide is better known by what abbreviated name?
Where on a coin would 'reeding' be found?
What African animals are traditionally considered the 'Big Five', originally the most difficult/dangerous to hunt on foot (one point each)?
Name the earliest (post-gamete) developmental stage of the human embryo?
Kraton, Salvia and 4-MEC are?
What mythical god has a hammer called Miolnir (or Mjölnir, or other variants)?
Famously depicting the Norman Conquest of England, the Bayeux Tapestry is actually?
Name the eight member states of the Warsaw Pact treaty?
'(What?) integration' refers to a corporation acquiring or otherwise taking control of connecting activity/ies in a supply chain?
"What event in the 2012 Olympics saw eight competitors disqualified for ""not using best efforts""?"
Who won his seventh French Open Tennis Championship in 2012?
In 2012 which vast multinational supermarket corporation recorded its first fall in profits since 1994?
Which English football manager was acquitted of tax evasion charges Jan 2012?
In 2012 which former Liberian president was found guilty of crimes against humanity?
In 2012 what nation is the world's second-largest economy, the largest exporter and second-largest importer?
What cartoon character featured on a $100,000 auctioned poster in Texas, Nov 2012?
The name Benedict, as used by popes, etc., is from the Latin meaning?
In hairdressing what generally is the final stage of a hair perming process?
Norovirus causes illness in humans described by what body part?
Aleph, Beth, Gimel, Daleth are A B C D in which language?
Scrying commonly entails the use of a?
What language was first to be represented in dictionaries and related language theory?
How many countries border the Sargasso Sea?
(When discovered Jan 2013) the largest known structure in the universe - a large quasar group named 'Huge-LQG' - would take how many years to cross if travelling at the speed of light?
The word éclat refers to a?
What term, for a standard section of pre-used text or clause in a contract, or an existing pre-used section of standard code in computing, derives from industrial sheet metal fabrication and labelling?
Hircine refers to being like or related to what creature?
The Italian word pizza originally referred to a?
What Greek-based word is the second most important character in a drama, behind the protagonist?
What Portuguese word for a frenzied homicidal Malay person entered English c.1600s referring especially to a 'running' rioting crowd?
The word apostle is derived from Greek 'apostolos' meaning?
What is confit meat cooked and preserved in?
Which organization launched the Firefox smartphone operating system in 2013, targeting the developing world?
What word features in most sciences and elsewhere technically referring, like its Latin origin, to a 'flow'?
Charlotte, TJ's, Adelphi, Barfly; Joiners, and Forum are/were names in what UK market sector?
What caused a 34 minute suspension of play in the 2013 Superbowl?
Which country is famous for its Blue Lagoon hot springs bathing lake?
The technical Hawaiian-English word 'aa', commonly the first two-letter word in a dictionary, refers to?
The Greek god of marriage is?
Hydrogen Peroxide (H2O2) is one of several different forms of what commonly named chemical agent?
What word for a surprise attack originally referred to hiding in the woods?
Afghanistan's controversial Parwan Detention Facility is better known in the 'western world' by what name?
Phlebitis refers to inflammation of what part of the human body?
Name the smartphone app devised by a London teenager bought by Yahoo for reportedly £18m in 2013?
What is the project/brand name for Google's computerized spectacles?
Cosa Nostra refers to what organization?
The traditional logo of which famous pre-ground bean coffee is a white script lower-case four-letter name on a red square background?
The old British slang to 'shop' someone, meaning to betray someone, or inform an authority of someone's wrong-doing, derives from 'shop' meaning?
In music theory what is the relative minor chord of C major?
What popular computing term, originally prefixed 'magic-' and referring to a data packet sent and received unchanged by a computer program, lost its prefix when introduced to web terminology in 1994?
Swede Carl Linnaeus, 1707-78, considered the father of taxonomy of living things, is the lectotype (example specimen) for which species?
The German 'Dosenwerfen', the French 'Chamboule-tout', and the British 'Aunt Sally' are?
What British army bugle call used at funerals originally signalled the end of the military day after final inspection?
Meaning 'quiet loud' what is the full modern Italian name for the piano?
What is the traditional Italian name for the text of an opera or musical?
What hero from Greek mythology was killed by a discus thrown by Apollo, who then named a flower after him, made from his spilled blood?
Which country since the late 1900s has governed/overseen the increasing independence of the New Caledonia archipelago, east of Australia?
What common chemical compound type, including many natural fats and essential oils, results from replacing the hydrogen of an acid by an alkyl or other organic group?
Which animal provided the etymological and scientific derivation of a 'vaccine'?
What highly durable footwear is used to name a species of bat and crab, alluding respectively to nose and body shapes?
Approximately how many years old is the living part of Australia's Great Barrier Reef?
What Belgian city boasts the famous urinating boy fountain called 'Manneken Pis'?
A neat bedsheet fold/tuck around a mattress corner is called a '(What?) corner', alluding to traditional method?
What highly influential movement of artwork is considered established by Picasso, Braque, Metzinger and others in Paris, 1911?
What creatures were trained by Croatia's Zagreb university in 2013 to detect landmines?
What homonymic word refers both to a pit and a hunted animal?
A ewer is a large?
What plant, named Olea europaea, is an ancient widely used metaphor for peace?
In Indian cuisine, the term pakora refers to what aspect of meat/vegetable cooking?
What Olympic event entails disqualification if both feet of a competitor are seen to be off the ground at the same time?
The 'naut' in the words 'astronaut' and 'aeronaut' meant originally what?
What is the Intel Corporation's famous and strangely apple-related processor brandname?
In June 2013 US Texas State Senator Wendy Davis filibustered for 10 hours to obstruct Texas state laws concerning?
The rights to which famous character were sold by creators Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster to Detective Comics for $130 in 1937?
What is the traditional tradename for a person who works high up on church spires and chimneys?
What Indian Hindi-Urdu-derived word, orginally a place of assembly, refers in English to a multi-event equestrian contest, and in India to various sporting facilities?
Generally the standard steps per minute for a military 'quick march' pace is?
The UK political Labour Party's famously controversial 1995 constitutional 'Clause IV' amendment mainly removed a commitment to?
The technical term abecedarian refers to what form of organization?
The massively popular Chinese website Taobao.com (10th busiest globally at 2013) operates in which sector?
The word Tet in the Tet Offensive (N Vietnam/Viet Cong against S Vietnam/US forces on 30 Jan 1968) referred to the national?
What US term is a cocktail of spirit and fizzy mixer/water and ice, and slang verb for travel fast?
"The Duke of Wellington's suggestion of ""Sparrowhawks"" to Queen Victoria was made in connection with the control of birds at which London building?"
Babel Fish is an icon/metaphor/brand for instantaneous what?
Anaphylaxis is what sort of life-threatening illness?
What red fruit-juice-based drink whose name alludes to energy was first produced by John Noel Nichols in Manchester, 1908?
What gambling game takes its name from French for toad, supposedly from players' hunched positions?
The usage fee for what UK public provision remained at one penny from 1855 until decimalization in 1971?
A supplier of 'apparent' website visitors using low-paid workers to visit websites to post false comments/reviews or generate fraudulent PPC advertising revenues is called a?
What body-part and lubricant are a traditional metaphor for physical effort such as scrubbing and polishing?
Which trade is historically associated with Flamenco music and dance?
Which small north Sweden city famous for iron ore mining began a 20 year 'brick-by-brick' relocation to 2 miles away in 2004 due to fissures affecting its foundations?
Dassault, Embraer, Grob, and Sino Swearingen are makers of which high-end transport?
The word 'pukka', referring to genuine/good quality, is from which language?
In language/text a 'tittle' commonly refers to what feature of a letter?
Which famous old UK three-letter bank brand relaunched via divestment from Lloyds in Sep 2013?
The hamburger is named after?
Which numbers refer informally to a combination of impactful events, derived from a boxing metaphor?
What grammatical term, from Greek 'form', is a single indivisible part of a word having meaning or linguistic purpose?
What swirly pattern is named after the administrative central town of Renfrewshire in Scotland?
What characteristic of Borneo ranks it among the largest five globally?
Beers called Budweiser are named after a city of which modern nation?
Hewer is an old occupational name for which trade?
The eponymous stairway to heaven dreamed by Joseph's father in Bible's book of Genesis is famously known as what?
The German company Recaro famously produces what high-performance product?
Which global confectioner started its business in 1920 making 'gummibärchen'?
Staphylococcus and Streptococcus are types of?
Which meteorological word is said to be based on a 17thC portmanteau of squeal and bawl?
What main category of machines 'produce continuous power from a wheel/rotor, usually with vanes, revolved by fast flowing fluid'?
What holds the greatest volume of fresh water on Earth?
In physics, what is a substance that continually deforms/flows under applied stress, including liquids, gases and plasmas?
A polygraph is more popularly called a?
What colour are the berries of the mistletoe plant?
In what year was Band-Aid's Do They Know It's Christmas the UK Christmas chart-topping record (bonus point each for the years of reissue success by Band Aid II and Band Aid 20)?
In which modern country is St Nicholas's birthplace and hometown?
Aside from English what is the official language of India?
Suya, Puff Puff, and Moin Moin (or Moyi-Moyi) are well-known Nigerian?
How many North American railway metro systems are busier than Mexico City's metro?
What is Mexico's most commonly used language?
At which sport has Indonesia won several medals including gold in each Summer Olympics from 1992-2008?
Indonesia's internet country TLD (top level domain) is?
Which European nation was the colonial power of Indonesia for 350 years until officially ceding control in December 1949?
The Turkish Van (or Turkish Vankedisi), originally from the eastern Turkish lakeside city of Van, is domestic breed of?
Turkey's internet country TLD (Top Level Domain) code is?
Popular fiction/drama featuring middle-class village life is known as?
What is the acronym referring to a scale of readiness in the US military, derived from 'defense readiness condition'?
Famous for 'Die Welt als Wille und Vorstellung', Arthur Schopenhauer (1788-1860) was a German?
In team ball games such as football, a pass to a team-mate which invites an immediate hard tackle on the receiver by an opponent is called a '(What?) pass'?
What 'oronymic' word is a killing and also male mirth?
Pandalus borealis is more commonly called (and officially named by the UN Food and Agriculture Organization)?
360 Varial, Ollie, Nollie, and Frontside Air are terms in?
In which activity were hickory and persimmon replaced by graphite and titanium?
Flemington, Greyville, and Longchamp are associated with what, respectively in Australia, South Africa, and France?
A 'frontispiece' is traditionally at the beginning of a?
What Cantonese mixed bite-size food means literally 'touch the heart'?
The official Astronomical length of a ('Julian') year is how many days?
The ancient symbol the fylfot, is more controversially commonly known as (what?), derived from Sanskrit 'wellbeing', from 'su' (good) and 'asti' (being)?
A 'tell' refers to a clue in which activity, which in turn refers metaphorically to an intentionally blank facial expression?
SS Ancon was the first ship to navigate what single-vowelled passage on 15 August 1914?
The particle physics unit of reactionary particle decay is?
What product 'brand' from the Gamay is traditionally released the third Thursday of November each year?
Which letter appears in various alphabets in the traditional Wikipedia globe logo?
What's the more common Roman name of the god Mulciber - 'the smelter' - and the origin of a related geological term?
Name the iconic and highest ranking military leader to be killed in the first world war?
Kremlin in Russia technically means?
Holloware (or hollow ware) is generally used in?
In May 2014 two Yorkshiremen (designer and rider) set a new world speed record of 70.9mph for a 'manned' motorized?
What modern popular pet population originated entirely from single female found in Syria in 1930?
The Arabic term 'Al-jebr' (reunion of broken parts) is famously associated with?
The volcano Olympic Mons, three times taller than Mount Everest, and the highest peak in the Solar System, is on?
Matthias Sammer, Ronaldo, Zinedine Zidane, Rivaldo, and Luis Figo won what between 1990-2002?
G-BOAG, G-BOAC, and F-BVFC and the tragic F-BTSC designated what iconic 20thC invention?
By the year 2010 there were roughly how many bicycles worldwide?
German Baron Karl Drais's 1818 Laufmaschine (or Dandy horse/Draisine), origin of the modern bike, lacked?
'The Great American Chocolate Bar' is eponymously better known as 'the (What?) bar'?
Who conceived the effective communication theory 'Three Modes of Persuasion' (comprising Logos, Ethos and Pathos)?
The word barber - meaning a men's/boy's hairdresser - is from Latin meaning?
Which famous city has the official website domain www.mcgm.gov.in?
What communal cooking method/equipment derives from French 'melted'?
What creature was used as the US Dodge automotive logo in the 1930s-50s, and again 1970s-2000s?
The works of which dramatic writer feature at least 64 bird species including all seven British crows?
'Every good boy deserves favour' is a mnemonic in?
Name the trademarked bass-frequency cinematic effect developed by Cerwin-Vega and Universal Studios initially for the 1974 film Earthquake?
American Callan Pinckney's eponymously named system became a best-selling (1980s-2000s) book/video franchise in what genre?
What maritime exclamation did Alexander Graham Bell suggest be the standard telephone answering greeting before Edison's 'Hello'?
What must be no smaller than 1.68 inches (42.67mm), weigh no more than 1.62oz (45.93g) and be symmetrically dimpled?
What is the traditional technical term for a road/paving granite block, alternatively called a Belgian block, and incorrectly a cobble or cobblestone?
In music, what term refers to a measure of sound over time?
Bundes in the German 'Bundesliga' soccer league refers to?
In constitutional terminology, put these structures in order of power-centralization, most to least?
In 2014 Russia closed branches of what global brand amidst East-West sanction?
Petroliam Nasional Berhad, the huge Malaysian gas/oil corporation gave its abbreviated name to what world-leading Kuala Lumpa landmark?
What word meaning 'misbehaved' evolved through 'wicked' from originally 'possessing nothing'?
The expression 'Go West' originally (mid-1800s) encouraged people to move from/within?
The inventors of Penicillin, Television, the Bank of England, the BBC, and the decimal point were?
Erasmus of Rotterdam (1466-1536) is a revered?
What controversial accusation is shared by the albums?
Zebu cattle are famously distinguished by?
The Harrington jacket is named after a?
The 2014 'Bendgate' controversy/publicity concerned version 6 of which famous product?
What, unrelatedly, refers to ancient Israel/Hebrew Bible Law, and to a pattern created by small pieces of ceramic/glass/stone?
The 'impossible' Penrose Stairs and Devil's Pitchfork are famous?
What formal menswear, often abbreviated to three letters, is named after a New York park where it was first worn in the 1880s?
What instrument is sized according to terms such as 0, 00, 000, Grand Auditorium and Dreadnought?
What mountain's peak is the farthest point from Earth's centre/center?
What London medicinal water site, later a music hall, was the birthplace of the Royal Ballet and English National Opera?
Why are anti-bacterial alcohol hand cleansers ineffective against Ebola?
Satya Nadella, boss of which vast corporation, apologised in 2014 for suggesting female workers should rely on faith and karma instead of asking for a pay rise?
The scientific term fission means?
Name the four terrestrial planets of the Solar System?
A chemical reaction accelerated by adding a separate recyclable substance is?
Latin 'collum' refers to which part of the human body?
Named after a distinctively shaped musical instrument, and Stockholm's Hasselbacken Restaurant/Hotel, 'Hasselback' potatoes are almost wholly (What?) before baking?
Technically a shoal of fish becomes a school of fish when it is?
Narcotics were originally developed for inducing, and are named from?
Messina, founded by ancient Greeks, site of a 1908 seismic disaster, is the main port of which island?
The term 'campesino' refers in the Spanish-speaking world to a?
Tessellation technically refers to which form of decoration?
From the Latin meaning of clip/cut, what hairstyle symbolizes religious devotion?
What Hawaiian word for a wise man or shaman is used informally elsewhere in referring to a 'big' boss?
The architectural term architrave refers to a?
What geographical feature means 'almost island'?
The first (joint-)winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, Swiss Jean Henri Dunant, in 1901, founded which international organization?
Which historically contested region did Russia annexe from Ukraine in February 2014?
Which nation in 2014 saw the abdication of Juan Carlos and the ascension of Felipe VI?
According to Alexa/Wikipedia, name the top four websites of 2014 (all .com)?
In October 2014 'Hudhud' was a catastrophic (what?) affecting parts of India and Nepal? Earthquake; Cyclone; Influenza; or Computer virus?
Toot, Percy, Charlie, ching and chang all refer informally to what?
What is the main currency of Bali, Java, Sulawesi, and several thousand other islands of the same nation?
The big-selling country and western hit song, notably by Elvis Presley in 1957, is '(What?) Christmas'?
The equatorial Republic of Kiribati's 'Kiritimati' (Christmas) Island, among the first land to see each new day/year, is in which ocean?
Name Tchaikovsky's famous ballet which begins on Christmas Eve?
Known as the Toison d'Or (French), Goldenen Vlies (Germany), and Toisón de Oro (Spain), the historic European supreme award is The Order of the (What ancient authority symbol?)
The Erythraean Sea, lying between Africa and Asia is more commonly called the (What?) Sea?
The cabasa, used especially in Latin music, is what sort of instrument?
What's the food 'head cheese' alternatively called, which separately refers to a man's physical strength?
Name the UK businessman who ruined his eponymous empire overnight by calling one of his products 'total crap'?
What Latin-languages term informally refers to a chaplain in the armed services?
What 'seasonal-mood' name was given to the western social phenomenon of mid-1967, sparked by the vast gathering of young people in Haight-Ashbury, San Francisco?
Which creature is mythically said to sing before it dies, hence an expression for a grand final performance before retirement?
Strumming the open strings of a standard-tuned guitar produces the chord?
Known as a 'jumper dress' in US-English what garment is named originally from its being attached to the front of a dress?
Originating in the 2nd World War aftermath, name the five member nations of the enduring and powerful 'Five Eyes' ('FVEY') intelligence alliance?
Name the popular music identification app founded in 1999 whose paid-for version is sub-titled Encore?
What metabolic disorder takes its name from Greek 'siphon', referring to excessive urine production?
What is the short metonymic name of the chief usher of the Lord Chamberlain's department of the UK House of Lords?
Pakistan shares India's (What?) border ?
The UK Women's Institutes (WI) organization was founded in 1915 in?
US veterinary pathologist Daniel Salmon (1850-1914) oversaw the discovery of what, named eponymously?
What's the cube root of 27,000?
Which country in 2001 became the first to decriminalize recreational drug use?
A 'Copyright Library' or 'National Library' is typically (US, Can., UK, Australia and much of Europe) enabled by long-standing statute to have a free?
What 'rare' noble gas element used in lighting was discovered in 1898 and named after Greek 'new'?
American businessman and philanthropist Solomon Guggenheim (1861-1949) established a famous eponymous international network of?
An enclave nation is (What?) by another nation?
(At early 2000s) the only nation in the world with effectively no shortage of donated human organs, due to a free market in their trade is?
Proposed in 1776, 'E pluribus unum' ('One from many'), is on the national seal and banknotes of which nation?
What occasionally Anglicised German word instructs that something is not permitted?
The Greek city Lacedaemon, (hence 'laconic' = minimal yet efficient language), also produced a word for frugality, from its more common name of what?
In 2015 artist Oscar Santillan controversially removed and exhibited the top inch of?
'Ol' Blue Eyes' is the nickname of?
Kazakhstan, Mongolia, Chad, Niger, Mali and Ethiopia are the largest nations in the world without a?
Minyan is a quorum of ten adult males required for public worship in?
What Swahili word became the South African humanist philosophy popularised by Desmond Tutu in SA's post-apartheid Truth and Reconciliation Commission, and adopted widely elsewhere?
The first independent credit payment card, inspired in 1949 by a particular service, was called '(What?) Club International'?
Sergio Leone, Otto Preminger, Fritz Lang and Fred Zinnemann are famous 20thC?
Thomas Hardy's famous novel is 'Far from the Madding (What?)'?
Which famous employee-owned UK retailer's slogan is 'Never Knowingly Undersold'?
At 1900 the largest fishing port in the world was?
What instrument was originally called the trompette-saicueboute?
Which nation boasts the world's longest running TV sports show, Hockey Night, first aired 1952?
To what does the portmanteau word Grexit refer?
The international network for banking communications is known by its acronym?
In the 1970s British practitioner John McTimoney founded his eponymous type of (What?) treatment?
Aberdeen in Scotland is known as the (Which rock?) City?
Introduced in 1894 and one of the world's oldest trademarks, Bibendum is better known as what?
JP Morgan, Barclays, RBS, Citigroup, Bank of America, and UBS were fined $6bn in 2015 for rigging what market?
Which famous TV personality ended a 33 year run of 6,082 shows in 2015?
What French word prefixes couture, cuisine and ecole meaning high quality or advanced?
A 'brelfie' photo is a portmanteau of self and what activity?
Name the pioneering Game Theory US mathematician featured in the film A Beautiful Mind?
In the bible who betrayed Samson to the Philistines by revealing that his strength was due to his long hair?
Referring to the cause of a person's downfall, who is the Greek goddess of punishment?
The old legal term chattels refers to a person's entire tangible possessions except?
Which multi-talented actor played Mr Burns and Derek Smalls?
If a square sheet of paper is folded diagonally in half, the resulting two sharp corners are each how many degrees?
How many times does the second-hand of an clockwork clock 'tick' (move) while the hour-hand completes one full rotation?
Since the mid 1900s the world's biggest trade fair for toys and games is hosted annual in?
What famous road began in Chicago, Illinois, ending at Santa Monica, California?
Amal Clooney is an internationally renowned?
The splanchnocranium refers to the bones of which defining part of the human body?
Which religion has ten states of the mind including Neutrality, Rapture, Realization and Bodhisattva?
Dermalogica, Olay, Clearasil, and Nutrogena are brands of?
Thailand's currency, the 10th most used globally (at 2015) is the?
The fictitious South American city/country El Dorado was abundant with?
Dageurreotype/dageurrotype is a mid-1800s form of?
What dog breed has Queen Elizabeth II traditionally had as pets?
What's the Anglicized-Spanish plural noun referring to a particular male facial hair style?
Poplin is a type of 18th-century-originating?
Traditional Latin pluralization of Latin-originating words ending in 'us' is to replace the 'us' with?
Tom Parker, who famously managed Elvis Presley, was known by the title of, and as 'the..'?
What old Latin word for reptile is very recognisably the scientific sub-order classification for modern snakes?
The Hindi/Sanskrit 'kotwal' refers to what profession in India?
The Sandals corporation headquartered in Montego Bay is famous in the industry of?
Five ninths of three fifths is a?
What clothing-part metaphorically classifies workers/jobs according to white or blue?
The Beaulieu Estate in Hampshire UK became in 1952 a famous museum for vintage?
The traditional sport of 'pugilism' is nowadays called?
What whole two-digit number is the square root of 9801?
The Yiddish word/concept 'mensch', anciently derived via German from Roman philosopher Cicero's work Humanitas on human civilisation, refers to a person of great?
In 2015 Prague in the Czech Republic sought to reclassify what 'pedestrian' transport method due to proliferation and safety concerns?
Bedrock is the home city of which eponymous 1960s cartoon show/family, the most successful adult TV franchise for three decades prior to The Simpsons?
What is a third divided by a half?
Feugo, Yangin, Brand, and Pozar are Spanish, Turkish, Dutch and Polish for?
Film musical interpretations of Romeo and Juliet and the memoir of Baroness von Trapp shared what lead character name?
What old English coin took its name from being a quarter of a penny?
What is the traditional/modern language of Iran and old Persia, named from the latter?
What is O3 (O followed by the number 3, usually shown in sub-script)?
What wind speed limit applies for setting athletics sprinting and jumping records?
What are the narrow bands of strong winds called which move around the world between about six and twelve miles high?
What is minus 40 degrees Farenheit expressed as degrees Centigrade?
The fictional station in BBC's flagship Eastenders soap serial is?
In business theory which one of these is not normally a 'profit lever'?
What dramatically fictionalised king actually ruled the Scots 1040-57?
What nation is home to the Zanu-PF poltical body?
Technically lugumes/beans, cereals and nuts are defined as what category of foodstuff?
Activist/writer Elizabeth Magie conceived and patented what popular game concept in 1903 as a demonstration of the evils of corporate greed?
Shukrān (Arabic), Hvala (Croation), Efharistó (Greek), Dhanyavād (Hindi), and Spasibo! (Russian) all mean what?
Which one of the seven member territories is also capital of UAE (United Arab Emirates)?
From Latin meaning 'earth', and Italian equating to a patio, what is the architectural flooring/wall composite of marble/granite/similar chips and binder?
Where certain religions divide the notion of heaven into parts there are generally?
What famous ancient city is on the river Tiber?
Which one of these did not originate in 16th century Italian 'Commedia dell'arte' travelling theatre?
The Han ethnic people constitute c.90% of mainland?
What often poisonous compound, CN, found in fruit seeds and stones, named from Greek for dark blue, comprises Carbon and Nitrogen?
Genever is the old word for what alcoholic drink?
Annual global production (early 2000s) of rough diamonds is about?
Which controversial mogul/celebrity/politician demanded a ban on all Muslims entering the USA in 2015?
English playwright Chrisopher Marlowe coined the phrase 'The face that launched a thousand ships' in his tragedy Doctor Faustus when referring to which mythical Greek figure?
Name the last US president to meet the leader of Cuba before Barack Obama did in 2015?
In 2015 Japan lowered its voting age from what to what?
Christian is the lead character in the film 2015 adaptation of what extraordinarily successful book?
Matthais Muller was made chief of which troubled car company in 2015?
Facebook's new music sharing/streaming feature launched in 2015 was called 'Music... ?
According to 2015 survey what fruit was most popular among USA children?
Name Adele's record-breaking 2015 album?
'Egoportrait' (a Quebecois word) was added to the 2015 French dictionary, meaning what more popular new English word?
In 2015 Edgar Lungu became prime minister of?
What country in May 2015 became the first to legalize gay marriage by national referendum?
Frank Sinatra would have celebrated which birthday in 2015?
What year did the Channel Tunnel between Britain and France open?
The highest grossing hand-drawn animated film in history is?
Mexican Salvador Alvarenga, the 438-day longest-surviving castaway ever, was sued in 2015 for?
A tealight (small cheap candle in a disposable cup which liquifies when burning) are so called because they were originally?
Roughly how many bubbles are in a standard bottle of champagne?
Who wrote/directed the movies The Hateful Eight and Inglourious Basterds?
What is four-fifths divided by four-fifths?
What is removed from natural yogurt to produce Greek yogurt (also called labneh [Arabic] and strained yogurt)?
The famous website franchise which offers entertaining educational 18 minute talks videos is abbreviated to?
What Latin word meaning equal expresses a quality standard/norm (on or below or above etc), alluding to golfing performance?
What is the sweet clear liquid by-product from soap manufacture, used in laxatives, explosives and antifreeze?
Angiosperm (from Greek 'angeion', bottle) is a major scientific classification of land plants which have seeds and?
LNER Flying Scotsman, built in 1923, became in 1934 the first (What?) to attain 100mph?
In property rental the term 'pax' means what?
In the history of the universe what term refers to immediately after the Big Bang?
The major UK/European mobile network corp EE was originally branded?
How many valves does a trumpet have?
What is the world's third largest desert?
Which artist was born in Bradford in 1937?
In which ocean are the Canary Islands?
The authorised version of the Holy Bible was made at the order of which King?
In which country is the European Court of Human Rights?
What was the name of Ernest Shackleton's ship which became stuck in Antarctic ice in 1915?
Who was assassinated by Hugh de Merville, William de Tracy, Reginald Fitzhurse and Richard le Breton?
Abraham Maslow's 'Hierarchy of Needs' theory explains?
The highest 'need' in Maslow's original 'Hierarchy of Needs' theory is?
The first and lowest main 'need' in Maslow's 'Hierachy of Needs' theory is?
According to Abraham Maslow's 'Hierarchy of Needs' theory, generally 'needs' must be satisfied?
What African nation is known in parts of Asia by the local names of two of its famous cities Marrakech and Fes?
On a standard English QWERTY keyboard the % (percent) sign is above the number?
The English-Greek prefix 'peri' means?
Which country occupying 47% of South America has states including Amazonas, Sao Paulo, Bahia and Para?
Referring to an Earthly feature, what is the only common word in the English language to begin with the letters FJ?
Labyrinth, Broad-crested, Sharp-crested, Piano keys, and Compound are types of?
King Julian and Mort are which creatures in the film Madagascar?
What regal name is capital of Seychelles, and British Columbia (Canada), and is an Australian state?
The still-used ancient unit of weight equating roughly to 0.065 gms or 65 milligrams is a?
Which organization launched the Mates condom brand in 1987?
Weimaraner ('vymaraana') pointer/gun dogs are typically distinctively?
EMG (Electromyography), CAT (Computerized Axial Tomography), and MRI (Magnetic Resonance Imaging), are technologies for?
The ancient pre-scientific system of classifying all universal matter as Water/Air/Fire/Earth/Aether is called the Classical?
Shire, Arabian, Mustang, and Hackney are types of?
The modern 'science' of body language/kinesics was established in the?
The human body is capable of how many different movements?
Tala is the basic monetary unit of which country?
Who composed the opera Turandot?
Spiro Agnew was US vice-president to which president?
Jazz musician Jelly Roll Morton played which instrument?
What type of animal is a Garron?
In 1987 a French court found which Gestapo chief guilty of war crimes and sentenced him to life imprisonment?
Ichthyology is a branch of zoology concerning which creatures?
What element is mixed with Iron to make cast iron?
Which famous London railway station is located on a bridge over the River Thames?
Onychomycosis and Onychoschizia are fungal and splitting complaints of human?
Gluteus medius, Gluteus maximus and Piriformis are muscles in human?
Lent (Latin Quadragesima) is traditionally a Christian religious fast of how many days?
Leicester City FC's owners are (at 2016) what nationality?
Name the Leicester-born eponymous inspiration of the early 19th textile machinery smashers of the English industrial revolution, whose collective name is now a term for someone resisting new technology?
A warm sunny period in Autumn (Fall) in the northern hemisphere is called an?
The globally popular TV franchise/series relaunched by Chris Evans and Matt LeBlanc is?
Which nation's tax authorities raided Google's offices in its capital city in 2016 citing tax evasion?
The English Football Association banned (What?) from 1921 to 1971 at its member clubs?
What plant was traditionally cultivated in Europe for its unique blue dye?
Brunswick, Lancastrian and Pearl Pickler are types of which vegetable?
Eamon de Valera founded which Irish political party in 1926?
From which European country does Limburger cheese originate?
Mount Godwin-Austen is better known by which name?
In which US state was the American Declaration of Independence signed on 4th July 1776?
In the Bible to whom did God give the Ten Commandments?
What is the line called on a ship which is the limit to which it may be loaded?
Astana is the capital of which country?
Born Henry John Deutschendorf Junior, which American singer died when his light aircraft crashed into the sea off California in 1997?
What, loosely translating as 'self-boiler', is a traditional metal Russian tea urn called?
Mary Mallon was effectively imprisoned for life in New York for being an irresponsible immune carrier of what disease?
BRN is the international vehicle registration for which country?
Which huge global communications brand is derived from a local word for a marten?
Who was the first reigning British monarch to make an official visit to the USA?
Tallinn is the capital of which country?
What colour is Stephanie's hair in the children's TV series LazyTown?
What is the common word for the monosaccharide substance found in certain fruit, flower nectar and honey, with the chemical formula C6H12O6?
The cult TV series Lost which began in 2004 features 'Oceanic Flight ...' what?
What is the (traditionally wooden) housing or stand which contains a ship's compass?
Where was the first British Grand Prix motor race held?
A salpingectomy is the surgical removal of which part of the body?
What animal is Snowball in George Orwell's book Animal Farm?
Yorkshireman William Strickland is believed to have brought the first what to Britain from North America in 1526?
Eric Cartman is a character in which cartoon series?
Who became Lord Mayor of London in 1397?
What is the name of cartoon character Dora the Explorer's monkey?
Singer and musician Gordon Sumner is better known by what name?
Who developed the ten stages of corporate life cycle, starting with Courtship and Infancy and ending in Bureaucracy and Death?
In selling and communications, what do 'open questions' generally achieve? Open questions
In what Sudan city was Gillian Gibbons imprisoned for the blasphemous naming of a teddy bear incident?
"What video game was banned in 2007 for its ""...unremitting bleakness and callousness..."" ?"
Who won the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize for his environmental work including the controversial film An Inconvenient Truth?
Faye Turney became famous as a member of which of the services?
It was announced in April 2007 that Lord Justice Scott Baker would replace Baroness Butler-Sloss in what position?
What remarkable sale price did Damien Hirst's diamond-encrusted skull achieve?
What nickname was used by the media for the senior policeman in charge of the Cash for Honours investigation?
The perfume brand 'Mwah' was launched in 2007 by which 'celebrity'?
Which country won the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup?
Speculation towards the end of 2007 suggested that Rupert Murdoch's News International Group was in discussion to buy what significant business networking website?
Who became the new French president in 2007?
Which iconic British female singer made the highly regarded album titled '(her first name) in Memphis' ?
Which guitar innovator and player has a range of Gibson Guitars named after him?
Who sang with Serge Gainsbourg on the hit Je t'aime?
Jiles Perry (JP) Richardson Jr, who died in the same plane crash as Ritchie Valens and Buddy Holly was better known by what name?
Who wrote and had a hit with the instrumental Classical Gas?
What Canadian-born teen idol of the 1950s-60s wrote the lyrics to Sinatra's song My Way?
Who originated the 'Wall of Sound' record production technique?
What was Stephane Grappelli's instrument?
Which member of the Hollies went on to join the hugely successful American band commonly known by their initials CSNY?
Who sang the 1964 hit My Boy Lollipop?
What is the US state capital of Vermont?
Glen Moy and Autumn Bliss are varieties of which fruit?
Which singer held a gladiolus in his first appearance on BBC TV's Top of the Pops in 1983?
What did Manchester United footballer Carlos Tevez put in his mouth in celebrating a goal at Christmas 2007?
What sea bird has the Latin name Corvus Marinus?
What gemstone is The Moonstone in the classic novel of that name by Wilkie Collins?
American jazz musician Art Tatum excelled on which instrument?
Which student of Socrates, and teacher of Aristole, wrote Republic?
What is the name of the assembly of cardinals for the election of a pope?
Which British MP claims responsibility for introducing speed bumps ('sleeping policemen') to UK roads?
What is the parrot's name in Enid Blyton's 'Adventure' series of books?
What technical word is given usually to the right-side odd-numbered page of a book?
The book Eunoia, by Christian Bok, suggests in its title, and features exclusively what, in turn, in its first five chapters?
Who wrote the books Les Miserables and The Hunchback of Notre-Dame?
What is the name of the first digital library founded by Michael Hart in 1971?
A gooney bird is another name for which bird?
Who (at 2008) plays Doctor Gregory House in the TV series House?
Chrometophobia is an irrational fear of what?
In which year did Captain Scott reach the South Pole?
Which British sportsman's autobiography is entitled Walking Tall?
The term 'green-eyed monster' originated from which of Shakepseare's plays?
By how many years to the day did OJ Simpson's conviction for robbery and kidnapping follow his acquittal of murder?
The NASA spacecraft Messenger reached what planet destination in 2008?
Ari Folman's acclaimed 2008 film was 'Waltz with...' whom?
What was Julian Schnabel's acclaimed 2008 film of the book written by a stroke victim's blinking eye?
How many gold medals did Great Britain win at the 2008 Summer Olympics?
Which was the only country to win two silver medals and no other medals at the 2008 Summer Olympics? (clue - both medals were won in men's sprint events)
Which film star (of Brokeback Mountain fame) died on 22 Jan 2008?
In which year did Foinavon win the Grand National?
Which river forms the eastern section of the border between England and Scotland?
In which film did Roger Moore first play James Bond?
How many gallons of beer are in a firkin?
What is the most northerly cricket ground at which a Test Match can (as at 2009) be played?
Which mountain overlooks Rio De Janeiro and its harbour?
In which war was the Battle of Bunker Hill fought?
Which Bond villain has been played by Telly Savalas, Donald Pleasance, Charles Gray, and Max Von Sydow?
What is the colour of the bull of an archery target?
Who was the female member of the SDP's 'Gang Of Four'?
By what name was world champion boxer Walker Smith better known?
Who released an album entitled The Six Wives of Henry VIII?
In the human body what is the Axilla commonly known as?
In the Bible's New Testament what was the last battle between good and evil before the day of judgement?
To what note is the top string on a six-string guitar normally tuned?
What trophy is played for at the US Superbowl?
What film was the first sequel to win a Best Picture Oscar?
What was Hiram Hackenbacker's nickname in Thunderbirds?
Which team was the first to score a 'Golden Goal' in the soccer World Cup Finals?
Which Verdi opera is also a popular acronym used in the advertising and selling professions?
Zloty and Grosz are money in which country?
Which city hosted the 1900 Summer Olympics?
Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger founded which website in 2001?
In which year was the Berlin Wall built?
A drumhead is what type of vegetable?
Which US lead singer's real name is William Baily?
The Cullinan Diamond was presented to which British monarch from the people of the Transvaal?
Which chemical element has the atomic number six?
What is the capital of Colombia?
Who is the voice of baby Mikey in the 1989 film Look Who's Talking?
What is the spiked stick or prod used for driving cattle called?
In which English county is the Dickens World Theme Park?
In Switzerland, 1978, the corpse of which entertainer was reburied in concrete after it was recovered from extortionists?
A frugivore feeds on what?
Who was elected president of France follwing the death of President Pompidou?
What animated character does Gene Kelly dance with in the film Anchors Aweigh?
What royal house has ruled Monaco since the Middle Ages?
Which famous city plaza's name loosely translates as the 'Gate of Heavenly Peace'?
The songs I got Life and Aquarius come from which musical?
Who was the 'teacher' in TV's Rock School?
Which fashion designer introduced the Polo label in 1967?
Philopobia is the fear of what basic human emotion?
In which three years did Red Rum win the Grand National?
According to legend who killed the lion represented by the constellation Leo?
What is the state capital of New South Wales, Australia?
What merchant bank collapsed in 1995 due to unauthorised debts accumulated by trader Nick Leeson?
What animal is the Scandinavian Christmas Julbock symbol?
Gwyl San Steffan is the name for 26th December (St Stephen's Day or Boxing Day) in which country?
Which actress singer who charted with Santa Baby and starred as Catwoman died on Christmas day 2008?
Who was said to have presented the baby Jesus with Frankincense?
Before the tradition of hanging stockings up at Christmas what did Dutch children hang by the fireside?
In Greek mythology who gave King Midas the power to turn everything he touched into gold?
In the 1833 Factory Act in Britain what was the minimum age of a child allowed to work in a factory?
In which 1995 film does Robert Carlisle play the character Begbie?
Who was the first British black woman to win an Olympic gold medal (for Britain)?
Hepatic relates to which organ of the human body?
What name for a temple derives from the ancient Greek meaning 'to all gods' ?
Mount Ararat is in which country?
What is the Greek and Turkish delicacy of spiced rice and meat wrapped in vine leaves?
Which French prime minister was executed for treason in 1945?
Who aged 65 became the oldest Britain to climb Mount Everest, as at 2009?
What socially responsible brand was added to Cadbury's Dairy Milk Chocolate in July 2009?
Through much of 2009 former shareholders of what UK bank sought compensation from the UK government?
Which famous media son and mogul joined the board of GlaxoSmithKline as non-executive director in Feb 2009?
What actor who died in 2009 played TV's The Prisoner?
Duke D'Mond, who died aged 66 in 2009, was lead singer of which successful UK comedy pop group?
Divya Narenda and the Winklevoss twins, founders of the Connectu and Harvardconnection websites, agreed to a financial settlement from which big internet corporation?
What was Sophie Kinsella's best selling book of 2009?
What successful racehorse trainer died on 1 June 2009?
What did Ukrainian prime minister Yulia Timoshenko change about her appearance which shocked commentators in 2009?
Which company began a hostile takeover bid for Cadbury in September 2009?
Ben Collins was 'outed' in January 2009 as which mysterious TV character?
Unusually for a lady, Peruvian Conchita Cintron who died aged 86 in February 2009, was a famous what?
According to UK research in 2009 on average how many TV ads do viewers see each day, 25; 43; 105 or 207?
Vladimir Voronin resigned as the president of which country?
Yukio Hatoyama was sworn in as the sixtieth prime minister of which country?
What US corporation sold Hummer to the Chinese in 2009?
What did US state Rhode Island outlaw after 29 years of decriminalization?
Doctor Brooke Magnanti came out as which best selling X-rated blogger?
What strife-torn country's Football Association was suspended by FIFA due to interference by its government?
Which comedian was named outstanding newcomer at the 2009 London Evening Standard theatre awards?
Herman Van Rompuy became first Permanent President of what?
What is the traditional Maori greeting in which people press noses together?
The Estoril Grand Prix circuit is in which European country?
Who was the first professional cricketer to captain England?
Who is the engineer with the big triangular hair-style in the Dilbert cartoons?
The country Myanmar is still known in many parts of the world by what prior name?
What is a line on a map called which connects points of equal temperature?
The Futhark is what type of alphabet?
What is the furcula of a bird more commonly called?
What is the most common bird in the world?
The Centigrade temperature scale is also known commonly by what name?
At which castle was Mary Queen of Scots beheaded?
Whose second 'breadfruit voyage' as captain was on the ship HMS Providence, 1791-94?
What is the name of the document issued, by law, giving information about a company to be floated on a stock exchange?
Annually in July or August, the Obon (or Bon) Buddhist festival to honour the dead is held in which country?
Who wept on the shoulder of the Duchess of Kent after losing the Wimbledon Women's Singles Final against Steffi Graf in 1993?
Which Tsar of Russia ruled from 1682-1725?
"What poem contains the words, ""...Water, water, everywhere, Nor any drop to drink..."" ?"
What Mexican duo are famous for their high energy classical guitar music, including a version of Stairway to Heaven?
The usual graph shape for product failure rate, starting and ending high with a long flat bottom in between, is known as what sort of curve?
American Jazz musician John Coltrane is famous for playing which instrument?
A Colles fracture is in which part of the body?
What religious symbol refers to a heightened and often baseless business expectation by association to an earlier success?
What physics term refers to the largely prohibited selling method by which customers are said to have agreed to buy something unless they refuse unsolicited goods or services?
What was the terrorist group responsible for the 1972 Munich Olympic massacre of Israeli athletes?
A Hedge Brown is what sort of creature?
Who wrote the opera Carmen?
What former diplomat and ambassador to Russia is generally considered the toughest questioner of the Chilcot Inquiry committee?
What (as at 2010) is the tenth-largest body directly orbiting the Sun?
What was Amy Williams sled called on which she won Olympic gold for Britain at Vancouver in the Skeleton event?
The Collegiate Church of St Peter in London is more popularly known by what name?
What alliterative two-word term describes a product or service sold at less than cost, typically to encourage customers to buy other more profitable products/services?
Who was made Archbishop of Capetown in 1986?
The Orinoco river meets the sea on which country's coast?
What building in Pall Mall, commissioned by Henry VIII around 1532, is the administrative centre of the British monarchy?
Pentatonic, hexatonic, and heptatonic are types of what?
In which US city is the 1974 film Towering Inferno set?
What type of creature is a copperhead?
Mrs Maria Fitzherbert was the wife of which British monarch?
The lahara, used in the liqueur Curacao, is an adaptation of which common fruit?
A gymnophobia sufferer fears what?
Mycology is the study of what?
A pickerel is a young what?
Which popular UK TV police series started as a pilot episode called 'Woodentop' in 1983?
What widely used symbol is known variously around the world by names such as monkey's tail, snail, little mouse, and asperand?
The translation of Persian poems called The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam was the work of which 19th century English writer and poet?
In 1725 Catherine the First succeeded which Russian emperor, also her husband?
What railway line is green on the traditional map of the London Underground (Tube)?
If North is 0 and 360 degrees and East is 90 degrees, how many degrees is South-West?
Who was Britain's only Saxe-Coburg monarch, after his son renamed the royal house Windsor?
Which body of water was previously called the Euxine, after early colonisation of its southern coastline by Greeks, derived from their word for 'hospitable'?
How many triangles are on a backgammon board?
What word, from Latin meaning 'I shall please' refers to a control substance used in drug trials which has no chemical effect?
Fremantle prison, which was closed in 1991 and is now a heritage site, is in which country?
What is the technical term for the hollow at the back of the knee, sometimes called the knee pit?
The archaeological site of the ancient city of Troy is in which country?
Loosely translated, Aleph Beth Gimel Daleth are the first four letters of what alphabet?
Ireland is known as The 'what' Isle?
Name the renowned shirt maker in Jermyn Street, London?
What was mined extensively in Cyprus in Roman times, which took its name from the country?
What would you find at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington?
Which human blood group can receive blood from any other blood group?
How many noble gases are there?
At the time of the northern solstice, the sun is directly over which line of latitude around the Earth?
Carpology is the study of what?
Originating in early central American culture, where on the body would a huarache be worn?
Pilliwinks was a medieval instrument of torture used mainly on which part of the body?
The phrase 'eleven plus two' is an anagram of what phrase which also suggests a total of thirteen?
Estima is the UK's second-most popularly planted variety of which vegetable?
What is the gestation period of the African elephant?
What was the name of the computer in Stanley Kubricks 2001: A Space Odyssey?
What substance was believed by Alchemists to transmute other metals into gold?
What is the shortest-serving current state capital in the U S A?
"What film, released in 2000, is the story of Gilbert and Sullivan's first production of ""The Mikado""?"
What is the name of the international cricket ground in Brisbane, Australia?
Who was the 2001 Wimbledon Women's Singles Champion?
Mount Fujiyama is on which Japanese island?
What was the name of the IBM computer that defeated world chess champion Garry Kasparov in 1997?
What word best describes a triangle where all sides are equal?
What is the capital of the U S state of Pennsylvania?
What is a measure of the disorder of a system?
In Greek mythology, a female hybrid monster with the front of a lion, the middle of a goat and the rear of a dragon is called a ?
What was the confrontation between the United States and the Soviet Union that was at its peak in October 1962?
Lead poisoning, caused by increased levels of the metal lead in the blood, that may cause irreversible neurological damage, renal disease, and reproductive toxicity, is not also known in medical circles as ?
The film actor Marion Michael Morrison is better known by what name?
What organisation was formed in 1670 when King Charles II of England granted a charter to Prince Rupert and others to give them large tracts of land and the trading rights over a large area?
"In New Zealand, the word ""moko"" refers to a type of what?"
In which country did Queen Isabella secure the throne when her opponents (Carlists) were defeated in 1868, following a civil war between those who wanted a king and those who wanted a queen?
What game, created in 1904 by a quaker, Elizabeth (Lizzie) Phillips, when revised by Charles Darrow and others became one of the world's most played commercial board games?
In the US election held on 7 November 2000, court cases over the results from which state delayed the announcement of results for over a month?
Who won three long distance races including the marathon at the Olympic Games held at Helsinki in 1952?
What is the common name for a soft dull greenish brown or grey variety of clay that falls to a powder in water?
What does the Latin term compos mentis mean?
The main publicity image for which Alfred Hitchcock film featured Cary Grant being chased by a bi-plane?
In which country did Juan Domingo Peron seize power in 1943, become president, and resign in 1955?
Which country used to be called Southern Rhodesia?
The highest mountain in North America is part of which mountain range?
What is another name for ultra-violet light?
"In England, in the first half of the twentieth century, a ""vesta"" was a common term for a type of what?"
When was the sculpture of the four faces on Mount Rushmore begun?
The pericardium is part of which organ?
Which peninsula has the Mediterranean Sea to the south, the Aegean Sea to the west and the Black Sea to the north, and is separated from Europe by the Dardanelles and the Bosphorus?
The Australian city of Perth, the capital of Western Australia, is on which river?
Which former General and President of South Vietnam resigned and left for Taiwan 9 days before South Vietnam unconditionally surrendered on 30 April, 1975, handing power to his Vice President?
What was the title of George Washingtons pronouncement in 1793 that provided a basis for the USA to avoid any involvement in foreign conflicts?
"Which horse race meeting, for ""The Gold Cup"", was first run in 1711 and is held on 7 June each year?"
The Canary Islands in the Atlantic are named after what?
What is a nervous disorder whereby a person suddenly falls asleep?
"Which bass guitarist, songwriter, singer, and horn player, best known as part of ""The Who"", died in June 2002?"
Where were the FIBA (Basketball) World Championships held in 2002?
"Who dubbed the singing voice for Audrey Hepburn in the film version of ""My Fair Lady""?"
"Which is the participle in the sentence ""he brought the required documents""?"
In the nursery rhyme, who could eat no fat, and whose wife could eat no lean?
Why are Angel Falls, Venezuela, so called?
Saratoga and Yorktown, USA, are the sites of the defeat of which armies?
In Scandinavian mythology, what was the home of the Gods, approached by a bridge (Bifrost), that contained a great hall and Valhalla?
"From her first US film musical ""Down Argentina Way"" (1940), who became famous for extravagant hats, jewellery and dresses?"
What is the next in the series: Carboniferous, Permian, Triassic, Jurassic ?
"Which British sitcom was retitled ""Good Neighbors"" when it played in the United States?"
"What latin phrase means ""unaccompanied"" when applied to music?"
"What is another word for a ""post mortem""?"
"What is the contraction of the German ""Geheime Staatspolizei"" used in English?"
In the 1960s, Margaret Rutherford starred in four films as which famous detective?
On 6 February 1840, what document was signed by Captain William Hobson (on behalf of Queen Victoria) and a number of Maori chiefs as the basis for New Zealand to become part of the British Empire?
"What city is known to its inhabitants as ""auld reekie""?"
What play written in 1902 by J. M. Barrie reverses the rankings of the classes in British society when aristocrats and servants are shipwrecked on a deserted tropical island?
"How many different colours are used for the circles on a ""Twister"" mat?"
On what play by George Bernard Shaw is the musical My Fair Lady based?
What board game for two players is known as wiq in Chinese and baduk in Korean?
The Sandinista National Liberation Front ruled from 1979 to 1990, initially as part of a Junta of National Reconstruction, in which country?
At which Olympic Games did the People's Republic of China participate for the first time?
The Reign Of Terror was a period in the revolution of which country?
In Buddhism, what is the state of blissful repose or absolute existence by someone relieved of the necessity of rebirth?
Where is the area of 127,000 square kilometres (49,000 sq miles) in central South Australia, where public are not admitted under Australian Defence Force regulations?
Who is a unit of length (one hundred millionth of a centimetre), used to measure wavelenghts of light, named after?
Fado is a type of music from which country?
"What song plays over the closing credits of ""Die Hard"" (1988)?"
Who is a senior servant in a large household, specifically in charge of the dining room, wine cellar, and pantries?
"Which Czechoslovakian composer studied his native folk music and incorporated it into his work, including the opera ""Jenufa""?"
What British sitcom that aired from 1979 to 1981 in the UK, starred Penelope Keith and Peter Bowles?
If you divide a prime number by 4, the answer must result in ?
What gambling game, requiring only two coins to play, was popular with Australian and New Zealand soldiers in World War II?
What mountain system in the USA stretches over 1500 miles south to Alabama, through which pass the Hudson and Mohawk Valleys?
What US TV sitcom that ran for 7 years to 19 March 1977 was the first to have an independent career woman, Mary Richards, as the central character?
"""I'm a dot in place"" has what relation to ""A decimal point""?"
In the Crimean War, what did Florence Nightingale begin to be called?
In which film did Johnny Depp play a policeman called Ichabod Crane?
What is the name of the note that is 1/8 the length of a semi-breve?
If you were from the Cayman Islands, which is part of the British West Indies, what sort of passport would you have?
"What is the longest running emergency medical drama series in the world, and the second-longest-running medical drama in the world behind America's ""General Hospital""?"
By what name was netball previously known?
What is the next in the series: 1, 16, 81, 256, 625 ?
By what name is Siddhartha Gautama better known?
Which German-born chemist split the uranium atom in 1939 and won the Nobel prize in 1944?
Who was re-elected President of the Republic of Germany in 1932 defeating Adolf Hitler, became a figurehead when Hitler became Chancellor in 1932, and died in 1934, enabling Hitler to disestablish the position of President and proclaim himself Fuhrer?
"Whose autobiography was entitled ""Step Inside Love""?"
The 1812 Fire of Moscow, on 14 September 14 1812, broke out after most residents and Russian troops had abandoned the city, and whose troops had entered it?
Which 2007 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Luchetti is based on Antonio Pennacchi's novel?
What reptile, of which there are two living species, the American and the Chinese, got its name from the Spanish for lizard?
Which Scotsman was given a ship by Americans to harass English shipping near Great Britain, and later became an admiral in the Russian Navy of Catherine The Great?
Which US State ended prohibition in November 1948, a law that had been in place there for 68 years?
"In what sport would one ""bully off""?"
What carries the blood flow of the human body from the periphery to the right side of the heart?
What is the name for a set of marks stamped on gold and silver articles to attest to the genuineness of the metal and the year of testing?
What machine devised to move people was first demonstrated in Paris in 1900?
What is prussic acid, found in bitter almonds and laurel leaves, also known as?
What was unusual about Stamata Revithi running the marathon course at the 1896 Olympics, in Athens?
The name of which person born in Dublin is connected in English history with the locations of Vimiero, Talavera, Salamanca, Vittoria, Orthes and Waterloo?
Who built the original Palace of Versailles that was enlarged by Louis XIV?
From which country was Fulgencio Batista ousted in 1959?
What is another name for shingles?
"""Fawlty Towers"" was written by John Cleese and Connie Booth, who played main characters. Which character did Connie Booth play?"
What is the name given to a distinguishing device stamped into the substance of a sheet of paper when it is wet?
The America's Cup trophy was held by America from 1852 until 1983 when the Cup was won by which challenger?
"In the 1956 film ""The Ten Commandments"", who played Moses?"
Who won the World Individual Championship Speedway title four times in 1957, 1958, 1964 and 1966?
Which bird, that breeds in northern Europe in pine and beech forests, has a chestnut brown back, grey head, dark tail, buff breast and a striped black throat?
Which seabird that ranges widely in the Southern Ocean and the North Pacific has the largest wingspan of any existing birds?
Which film starring Steve McQueen featured a car chase through the streets of San Francisco?
What is the oldest existing lighthouse in America, built in 1764?
What word best describes a triangle where one angle is equal to 90 degrees?
Who was the first of these to become US President?
In the International Radio Alphabet, how many are traditional male given names
Which English rowing event is held every year on the River Thames for 5 days (Wednesday to Sunday) over the first weekend in July?
"Which Dutch artist painted ""Sunflowers"" and was the subject of a pop song by Don McLaine?"
Which continent has the world's highest waterfall, largest river by volume, longest mountain range, driest place, largest rainforest, highest capital city, and highest commercially navigable lake?
What was the capital of the Portuguese empire from 1808 to 1815?
In which country is the city of Kandahar?
The War of the Triple Alliance (1864 - 1870) was fought between the allied countries of Argentina, Brazil, and Uruguay and which other country?
What engineering work was opened by Mayor McLellan on 27 October 1904?
In which US state are the Catskill Mountains?
What is a more common name for the umbilicus?
Charles Lindbergh became famous by flying which aeroplane?
"Who was the author of ""Around The World In 80 Days"" and ""20,000 Leagues Under The Sea""?"
What is the greatest distance between the capitals of two sovereign countries that share a border?
"Which group had hits with ""You Really Got Me"", ""All Day And All Of The Night"", ""Waterloo Sunset"" and ""Lola""?"
Which war, engineered by Bismarck, included the siege and surrender of Paris and ended in the union of German states with William I as emperor?
What was the name of Sir Fred Hoyles theory, an alternative to the Big Bang, that said that there was continuous creation of matter between galaxies, so that as galaxies get further apart, new ones develop between them?
The navy from which country destroyed the Russian fleet at Port Arthur after a number of attacks in 1904 and 1905?
"What is an Australian talking about if he says ""Emma Chizzit""?"
What is the Scottish word that applies to New Year's Eve?
The Republic of China (ROC) did not compete at the Montreal Olympics in 1976 because the People's Republic of China (PRC) pressured the organisers to stop them competing under that name. What name did the ROC use when it next competed in 1984?
In the nursery rhyme, who put in his thumb and pulled out a plum?
What is the former name of Helsingor, Denmark?
What is the next in this series: Conrad Hilton, Michael Wilding, Michael Todd, Eddie Fisher, Richard Burton?
What is the world's biggest car maker?
What is the capital of Malta?
Anthony Wilding, who won the Wimbledon men's singles from 1910 to 1913, was from what country?
Which city was the capital of Italy from 1865 to 1871?
What is the standard length of the bars in the uneven parallel bars or asymmetric bars, an artistic gymnastics apparatus used only by female gymnasts?
"After he had directed ""Australia"", it was reported that Baz Luhrmann's next project was a film based on which book by F Scott Fitzgerald?"
In a film script, what do the letters ECU mean?
What is the name given to a bone fracture when one part of it is driven into another?
Whose play about the Salem witch trials in the 17th century drew parallels to McCarthyism in the 1950s?
Which previously independent country, an archipelago in the Indian Ocean, 2550 km (1530 miles) off the coast of Africa, united with Tanganyika to form Tanzania in 1964?
Who, after marrying in 1791, and living in Naples, became the mistress of Lord Nelson, having his child, Horatia, in 1803?
In beach volleyball and indoor volleyball, what is the maximum number of contacts that a team can have with the ball before it crosses the net?
Which US TV series is set in the Princeton-Plainsboro Teaching Hospital?
Which of Queen Elizabeth's children is the lowest in succession to (i.e. furthest away from) the throne?
The Wimbledon tennis tournament is held at which tennis club in London?
Where does the word donnybrook, synonymous with a riot, come from?
Which driver won the most races in the A1GP championship in its first 3 years (2005-06, 2006-07 & 2007-08)?
Which womens squash player won the World Open four times (1985, 1987, 1990 & 1992) and the British Open eight times?
Vishnu and Shiva are gods in which religion?
Calvados apple brandy is traditionally produced in which country?
If you sailed from the Aegean through the Sea of Marmara, the Black Sea and the Sea of Azov, and followed the Volga-Don canal, where would you end up?
What traditional sport was banned in Britain in 2004?
At the 1972 Olympic Games at Munich, who won back to back gold medals in the 5,000 metres and 10,000 metres, defeating American distance runner Steve Prefontaine in the former?
What word is applied to someone who is equally capable with both hands?
Which river begins in the Rocky Mountains in south-west Colorado, crosses New Mexico and forms the border between Mexico and the USA before reaching the Gulf of Mexico?
What type of dog is traditionally used above the Arctic Circle to pull sleds over snow?
What is the term used for a driver on Memorial Day weekend attempting to race in the Indianapolis 500 during the day and the Coca-Cola 600 during the night?
"What is ""Too much money chasing too few goods""?"
In 1966, Germany and England played in the World Cup final for which sport?
Which French artist joined a Post-Impressionist group, started the Synthetist movement and worked in Tahiti from 1891 to 1893, and 1895 to 1901?
Which boxer relinquished his world welterweight title after defeating Jake La Motta in 1951?
What is the name for the point in the lunar orbit when the moon is nearest to the earth?
"What does the Gaelic phrase ""Sinn Fein"" mean?"
"The song ""Consider Yourself"" is from what musical?"
What is the name of the long narrow island off the east coast of Russia?
Which building, built in 1884, was the first to use structural steel in its frame and the first to be supported inside and outside by a fireproof metal frame, and is therefore considered to be the first skyscraper?
To which organisation, formed in Tennessee in 1865, was Brian A Scates elected as Leader and President in 1867?
Which film starring Reese Witherspoon had the same title as a hit by Lynyrd Skynyrd?
What is the ocean current that flows from Florida to Europe?
What is the name given to the official residence provided for the Olympic athletes?
Rhinitis is inflammation of the mucus membranes of what?
What remake of a British science-fiction serial broadcast by BBC Television in the summer of 1953 was staged live by BBC Four in 2005 with actors Jason Flemyng, Mark Gatiss, Andrew Tiernan, Indira Varma, David Tennant and Adrian Bower?
"Which national anthem appears in The Beatles song ""All You Need Is Love""?"
The name of Niccolo Paganini is associated with which instrument?
Who is the father of the twin boys born to Brooke Mueller on 14 March 2009?
The first Paralympic Games to officially tie in with the Summer Olympics were held in 1960 in which city?
"The musical ""The Sound of Music"" is associated with which geographical area?"
What was first worn by British soldiers in India in 1845?
What is the name of the world's largest church, that was begun in 1450, finished in 1600 and consecrated by Pope Urban XIII in 1626?
What is the main attraction at both Altamira and Lascaux?
Which island has belonged to Carthage, Rome, the Saracens, the King of Aragon, the Dukes of Savoy, United Italy under Victor Emmanuel and was granted autonomous government in 1947?
Who was the first man sent into space, in 1961?
What is the name for a large circular stained glass window found in Romanesque and Gothic cathedrals that is divided by elaborate tracery into a central compartment with others radiating from it?
Which Austrian composer, whose works include 104 symphonies, 84 string quartets and 42 piano sonatas, received a D Mus degree at Oxford University, England?
What was the first airship to cross the Atlantic, in 1919?
Where is the Strait of Messina?
"Where would you find a ""plimsoll line""?"
On British television, John Steed and Emma Peel were known collectively as what?
In which city are the Oscar statuettes made?
What is the collective name for The Colossus of Rhodes, the Hanging Gardens of Babylon, the Pharos at Alexandria, the Pyramids of Egypt, Pheidias' Statue of Jupiter at Olympus, the Temple of Diana at Ephesus and the Mausoleum at Halicarnassus?
What, the first of its kind in Britain, was established by John Tate in Stevenage, Hertfordshire in 1489?
"Which Greek dramatist, who lived from 485 to 406BC, wrote ""Medea"", ""Orestes"" and ""Iphigenia in Tauris""?"
In humans, the adult skull is normally made up of 22 bones, which are joined together by sutures, rigid articulations permitting very little movement, except for which one?
What is the median of 1, 3, 5, 6, 7, 9 and 25?
Which series ended on UK television in 1989 after a 26 year run, and returned in 2005?
"From which sport do we get the expression ""par for the course""?"
What was Manchester United footballer Patrice Evans quoted as saying after Manchester United beat Arsenal in the Champions League in May 2009?
The official World Cup for which sport, held every second year from 1986 to 2004 and annually thereafter, is hosted by a number of countries from Canada, USA, UK, multiple European countries, to Japan, New Zealand, Australia, and Ireland?
What is the circumference of a circle whose radius is 7 inches?
Saint Augustine, the oldest city in the USA, is in which state?
"What was unusual about the speech by IOC President Juan Antonio Samaranch at the closing ceremony of the 1996 Olympic Games, when he said ""Well done Atlanta"" and called the games ""most exceptional""?"
"Which 20th century English playwright wrote ""The Winslow Boy"" and ""Separate Tables""?"
What 2009 hit record by Lily Allen concerns her boyfriend's performance in the bedroom?
What is the name of the son of Pete Wentz and Ashlee Simpson-Wentz, who was born in November 2008?
British-born American film actor Archibald Alec Leach was better known by which stage name?
"What is the last name of ""Oprah""?"
The foxtrot, a dance introduced to Great Britain around 1914, originated in which country?
How did Puerto Rico become a US possession?
In 1962, a 250cc World Championship for which sport was created, attracting machines built by Husqvarna, Bultaco, CZ and Greeves?
What is an orthodox Mahommedan sect whose name derives from a body of traditional teaching which has equal authority with the Koran?
Which organisation, which has its Headquarters in Paris, was established on 16 November 1945?
Which virus spread by fleas was deliberately introduced into Australia to control rabbits in 1951?
A 2 stroke engine, used in such devices as chainsaws, is fuelled by a mixture of petrol and what other liquid?
The peaceful overthrow of the government in Czechoslovakia in 1989 was known as what?
At the time of her construction in 2003, what was the longest, widest, tallest, largest passenger ship ever built?
Which international treaties of 1899 and 1907 cover the use of weapons in war?
Which British TV series starring John Simm as DCI Sam Tyler and Philip Glenister as DCI Gene Hunt was remade in the USA starring Jason O'Mara and Harvey Keitel?
What is the generally accepted name for the Puritans who became the earliest settlers in the Plymouth colony in America, in 1620?
Which planet weighs more than all the other planets of our solar system combined?
Which winter sport was contested as an Olympic sport only once, at the 1908 Summer Olympics?
"Which 19th century English writer wrote ""Swallows and Amazons"", ""Peter Duck"" and ""Secret Water""?"
What is the astronomical term for the measure of the reflective ability of a heavenly body?
"In Texas, what is known as ""Ole Sparky""?"
What is the symbol for a 30th wedding anniversary?
"Which American comedian who died on 4 May 2009 became famous as an inept magician on Dean Martin's TV show in the 1960s and appeared in ""Cannonball Run"", ""Blazing Saddles"" and ""The Muppet Movie"" ?"
J. E. Brandenberger, a Swiss chemist and textile engineer, discovered the process to make what?
Who married Sarah Hugill in 1972, had two children, divorced in 1983, married Sarah Brightman in 1984, divorced in 1990, married Madeleine Gurdon in 1991, and had three children?
According to The Mamas and the Papas, which day cannot be trusted?
"Which 17th century philosopher, mathematician, scientist, and writer provided the basis for the calculus of Newton and Leibniz by applying infinitesimal calculus to ""the tangent line problem""?"
Who won a Nobel prize in 1918 for his Law of Radiation and is the originator of Quantum Theory?
Where is the strait of Strelasund?
What is the name of the golf trophy for competition between teams of professional golfers from Europe and the USA that was first contested between Great Britain and the USA in 1927?
Madeleine Allbright was appointed by Bill Clinton as the USA's first woman to hold what position?
The U.S. Masters, one of the four major championships in professional golf, is the only major championship that is played at the same course each year. Where has it been played since its inception in 1934?
What was the name of the Flintstones' pet?
In art, what is the term used for the process of producing an effect by means of dots or small marks with brush or pencil?
Why was Korean short-track speedskater Kim Dong-Sung disqualified from the men's 1500 metre final at the 2000 Olympics?
Sweeney Todd was the demon barber of what street?
In which country was the first 24 hour race for motor cars held on a closed course, in 1907?
In June 2009, General Motors announced that it would sell which of its brands to Tengzhong Heavy Industrial Machinery, based in China?
"Who developed the men's scent ""I Am King"", which was first marketed in February 2009?"
Which English general medical practitioner is known to have killed at least 218 of his patients, and was caught when he became unexpectedly a beneficiary in the will of Kathleen Grundy?
A bagel is a type of what?
Who was President of France for over 10 years from 1958?
On 12 September 1995, the Belarusian air force shot down a gas balloon, killing two Americans, during a race for which trophy?
What instrument has a long neck and a round body of parchment stretched over a metal frame?
The Proteas are a national cricket team representing which country?
What was the first song played on MTV on 1 August 1981?
According to Jewish tradition, whose chair is set ready at each passover meal in case he reappears to herald the coming of the Messiah?
Staten Island, New York, is at the mouth of which river?
Mrs Lovett made meat pies from material supplied by whom?
"What winter sport that combines cross-country skiing and rifle shooting was called ""military patrol"" when it was contested at the Olympic Winter Games in 1924, and demonstrated in 1928, 1936, and 1948?"
"The X-Files spawned two theatrical movies, ""The X-Files"" and ""I Want To Believe"", and which spin-off TV series?"
"Who divorced her husband in 1978 after sixteen years of marriage, accusing him of years of severe spousal abuse and rampant drug addiction in her autobiography ""I, Tina"" (which was later adapted for the film ""What's Love Got to Do with It""), and left semi-retirement in 2008 to embark on her ""Tina!: 50th Anniversary Tour""?"
In 1953, what was announced about the discovery in 1911 to 1915 of the bones of Piltdown Man, who was believed to represent the oldest human race in Europe?
What is the honour system founded by Napoleon in 1802 that has five classes including Grand Cross and Officer?
The works of artists De Chirico, Andr Breton, Mir, Magritte, Dal and Ernst are examples of what art movement?
During World War II, Japan occupied which part of the USA?
Porcupine grass is also known as what?
Colin Meads, nicknamed 'Pinetree', a former rugby union footballer who played 55 test matches for his national team from 1957 until 1971 and was named his country's Player of the Century, represented which country?
What is the name for the infection of living tissues such as skin, lung or bowel by bacteria?
"Who was the American who, in 1871, collected animals and freaks for a travelling circus, menagerie and museum, which by 1872 was billing itself as ""The Greatest Show on Earth""?"
What is the name for attacks on Jewish communities, especially those instigated by the authorities?
Suu Kyi, who was sentenced to home detention for six years in 2003, is the Leader of the Opposition in which country?
What is the third largest port of Belgium, accessed by a canal 200 metres (660 feet) wide and 32 kilometres (20 miles) long, which ends near the Dutch port of Terneuzen?
"The border crossing known as ""Checkpoint Charlie"" was between which two places?"
What is the term for the reddish-brown hydrated oxide formed on iron?
What is Bedloes Island in the USA used for?
As what are Jeff Ement, Matt Cameron, Mike McCready and Eddie Vedder collectively known?
During his visit in May 2009, the Pope was urged to complain about the state of what landmark between Israel and Jordan?
What spirit, in Ireland and Scotland, makes noises near a house when someone is about to die?
What was the name given to Barbary pirates who raided ships in the Mediterranean and the south European coast from bases on the north coast of Africa?
What is the name for the 225 million years that it takes the sun to go around the galaxy?
"Which game has been played in England since Tudor Times, with the earliest reference being in 1744 in ""A Little Pretty Pocketbook"" where it is called Baseball?"
What product of photosynthesis, a carbohydrate occurring in the cells of plants, can be changed into glucose or dextrine?
The first US National Champions of which sport were Team Roslindale when the first sanctioned Official Nationals were played in Leominster Ma in 1974?
"When Metro Pictures took over two other companies to form MGM, MGM adopted the former Goldwyn mascot ""Leo the Lion"" and what Goldwyn corporate motto?"
In 1960, who co-founded Motor Racing Developments Ltd., a British racing car manufacturer and Formula One racing team with designer Ron Tauranac?
What is an astronomical event that occurs when one celestial object moves into the shadow of another?
Miami Beach in Florida borders which ocean?
What is the name given to something used to compress an artery to control bleeding?
In 1987, the Fdracion International del Volleyball arranged the first World Beach Volleyball Championships, which was played where?
What is the name of the strait between New Guinea and the Australian mainland?
What is the name of the dark nebula in the constellation Orion that is approximately 1500 light years from Earth?
On 1 June 1958, who became the oldest person to break a world record in a standard Olympic athletic event?
Where were the Cinque Ports?
What is the more common name for the white crystalline salt called hydrated sodium pyroborate?
What name is given to an alcoholic drink that is taken in an effort to cure a hangover?
Who won the Oscar for Best Performance By An Actor In A Leading Role for 1990?
What British ship was sunk by Gunther Prien, captain of submarine U47, on the night of 13 and 14 October 1939?
What is the main attraction at Taronga Park, Sydney?
What is the triangular part of a horse's hoof?
With what sport is Dennis Compton associated?
In croquet, what is used to hit the ball?
Which sport was developed in 1895 when the Rugby Union refused to allow professionalism?
What is entombed in a cenotaph?
What is the capital of the province of Manitoba, Canada?
What was developed at the Bell Telephone Company under the direction of Dr William Shockley?
Rob Pilatis and Fab Morvan were collectively known as what?
"What was special about ""The Daily Courant"" that appeared in the early 18th century?"
In which country is Lake Como?
Gordon Ramsay's first foray in TV was in which 1998 fly-on-the-kitchen-wall documentary?
Which conflict began in England in 1455 after King Henry VI, following a troubled reign, had a long period of mental withdrawal?
What is the surname of the film director whose first names are Francis Ford?
"Which 16th century Venetian, born Jacopo Robusti, studied under Titian and painted ""St George and the Dragon"", ""Belshazzar's Feast"", ""The Last Supper"" and ""Paradise""?"
Which group of around 200 Greek islands in the Aegean Sea includes Andros, Naxos, Paros and Milos?
"Which German social economist of Jewish descent, expelled from Germany and France, co-wrote in London ""The Communist Manifesto"" and ""Das Kapital""?"
What was the original official name of the first code of French civil law?
What is the name for the period of French history from 2 December 1852 (when Napoleon III became Emperor) to 4 September 1870 (when the Third Republic was set up after the Battle of Sedan)?
"Which pair of films starred Uma Thurman as ""the bride"", Daryl Hannah as her arch-nemesis and Lucy Liu as ""Cottonmouth""?"
The English cities of Gloucester and Worcester are on which river?
The Babylonians invented the clepsydra. What was it?
Where, since 1839, is the Grand National Steeplechase run over 4 1/2 miles in England in March?
In classical architecture, what is the plain-faced portion, usually rectangular, of a pedestal between the base and the cornice?
"What type of clothing is a ""sou-wester""?"
"What was the ""Scopes Monkey Trial"" about?"
Which film, directed by David Lean and starring John Mills, opens with an escaped convict grabbing hold of a boy in a graveyard?
What is an open plane curve formed by the intersection of a cone with a plane parallel to its side, resembling the path of a projectile under the action of gravity?
"Which Tom's first leading role was in the 1983 film ""Risky Business""?"
Who has been President of France twice, but never been elected to the position?
What are the traditional words used to vote in the British House of Lords?
Who was Europe's captain in the 2008 Ryder Cup?
What name was given to the fossils, discovered in 2004, of humans with large feet, that stood about a metre high?
Who was married to Whitney Houston from 1992 to 2007?
Which singer made the news in September 2009 when Muslim groups protested that her first concert in Malaysia should be cancelled for a second time?
Where is the giant copper statue of a man, woman and child, known as the African Renaissance monument, that was unveiled in April 2010?
"Which country launched the space station ""Skylab"" in 1973?"
What was the occupation of St Peter, the leader of the Apostles?
What was the name of Canada's first woman Prime Minister?
Which British stage director won an Oscar for his feature-film directing debut, which starred Kevin Spacey, Annette Bening, and Thora Birch?
The Webb Ellis Cup is presented to the winners of the World Cup in what sport?
The borders of which European country, that were set under the reign of Afonso III (1248 to 1279), are the same today?
What is the name of the five horizontal lines on and between which musical notes are written?
Which half of a comedy duo was born in Lancashire in 1895?
"In the song ""The Twelve Days of Christmas"", what were there five of?"
Which art movement, founded in a Zurich caf during World War I and consolidated at a meeting held in Paris in 1920, was led by Tristan Tzara?
Where was the final of the 1999 Rugby World Cup held?
What name is given to notes of the same pitch, in modern tuning but written differently, such as Db / C# and Gb / F#?
"Which Scottish singer had hits with ""Maggie Mae"", ""Tonight's The Night"" and ""Do You Think I'm Sexy"", and has then turned to singing older standards?"
"""84 Charing Cross Road"" is a book based on 20 years of correspondence between which New York writer and Frank Doel, an antiquarian bookseller in London?"
What was the fate of Lucia di Lammermoor in Donizetti's opera?
Rapidly boiling a liquid to make it thicker and more concentrated is called what?
The naval base Pearl Harbour is in which US state?
"In a famous speech by Winston Churchill on 4 June 1940 that began ""We shall fight in France, we shall fight on the seas and oceans"", he went on to say that ""we shall fight"" in the air, on the beaches, on the landing grounds, in the fields, in the streets, and where else?"
The Great Fire of London swept through the central parts of the English city of London in 1666 for about how long?
Runner Caster Semenya, the subject of extensive press coverage after gender testing following her win in the women's 800m at Berlin in August 2009, was from which country?
"What was the principle laid down in Adam Smith's ""Inquiry Into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations"" published in 1776?"
The first Olympic flag, presented to the IOC at the 1920 Olympics by the city of Antwerp, Belgium, was lost until 1977. Where had it been?
"In the 2002 film ""The Ring"", what common household electrical appliance is the most malevolent?"
Who won the most of the first ten tournaments called the Women's Hockey World Cup (the field hockey World Cup competition for women), which was inaugurated in 1974?
Which English electronic dance music duo was made up of Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe?
What large flightless bird found in Mauritius by the Portuguese is believed to have died out in 1681?
Gabriel Loire, Mordecai Ardon and Marcelle Ferron are known for their art work in what medium?
Where is there a 2 metre high statue of Popeye, which was unveiled during the annual Spinach Festival in 1937?
Who succeeded Prince Rainier of Monaco?
What sport is the concern of the PGA?
Dsseldorf is a major city in which country?
Tennis player Lleyton Hewitt married which actress?
The Dardanelles and the Bosporus, straits which separate Europe from the mainland of Asia, run through which country?
"Which American legal TV drama-comedy (2004 to 2008), a spin-off of ""The Practice"", followed the exploits of attorneys at Crane, Poole & Schmidt?"
What is the title of the most famous painting by Franz Hals?
"What is the last name of ""Dr. Phil""?"
Pedro Lascurin had the shortest Presidency of less than one hour (sources quote ranges between 15 and 55 minutes), of which country, thus giving it three presidents in one day on 18 February 1913?
Charles Sands (USA), Margaret Abbot (USA) and George Lyon (Canada) were winners in what Olympic sport at the 1900 and 1904 games?
Who according to legend was the son of Zeus and Europa and became King of Crete?
Who played Inspector Clouseau in the films made from 1963 to 1978?
On 2 June 1886, at almost 50 years old, where did US President Grover Cleveland marry Frances Folsom, 21?
What name is given to a positive whole number that can only be divided by 1 or itself?
What do the letters GF mean on a menu?
"The three actors who played guitar in the band in the film ""Spinal Tap"" got together again as a folk trio ""The Folksmen"" in which film?"
John Calvin, 16th century French theologian, was the autocrat of which city for 13 years, where he improved the city and provided harsh punishments for moral transgressions?
"Founded in London in 1766, what activity are ""Christie, Manson and Woods"" involved in?"
What building, erected at Sydenham near London in 1834 in 200 acres of grounds and given to the public in 1920, was gutted by fire in 1936?
"Which Welsh poet (e.g. ""Portrait of the Artist as a Young Dog"") wrote a play ""Under Milk Wood"" that was published posthumously in 1954?"
Who, on his 72nd birthday in 1951, was not persuaded by UPI photographer Arthur Sassehim to smile, but stuck out his tongue instead?
"What was the first pop video directed by John Landis, whose directing credits include ""National Lampoon's Animal House"" and ""The Blues Brothers""?"
Plain unglazed pottery is often termed as what?
Which British comedy-drama series (1979 to 1994) starred George Cole as Arthur Daley, an unscrupulous importer-exporter, wholesaler, and used-car salesman and Dennis Waterman as Terry McCann, his bodyguard?
Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, was born on which island?
What is the name of a small lift used to convey food, china etc in a restaurant?
Which American football quarterback is the only player to win the AP Most Valuable Player three consecutive times (199597) and holds NFL records including most passing yards (65,127), most pass completions (5,720), and most career victories as a starting quarterback (169)?
The Rowing World Cup, which is held at 3 or 4 venues over a year, has only once been staged outside Europe. Where was it?
Excluding Antarctica, which continent reaches the furthest south?
What is the next in this series: St. Devote, Massenet, Casino Square , Mirabeau, Loews ... ?
"The Tiergarten, German for ""Animal Garden"", is the name of both a park and a locality in which city?"
"Larry Levine, an American audio engineer, who won a Grammy Award in 1966 for ""A Taste of Honey"" by Herb Alpert & the Tijuana Brass and contributed to The Beach Boys' 1966 album ""Pet Sounds"", was best known for his co-operation on the Wall of Sound recording technique with which producer?"
What is a domesticated animal that resembles a small llama in superficial appearance that are kept in herds that graze on the level heights of the Andes of South America at an altitude of 3,500 m (11,483 ft) to 5,000 m (16,404 ft) above sea-level, that were bred specifically for the fibre in their fleece?
"Whose first album was called ""Voice of an Angel""?"
"Where is the liqueur ""Benedictine"" traditionally made?"
Who did the British fight at the Battle of Rorke's Drift in 1879?
Who was the leader of the Peasant's Revolt in 1381 who, after killing a poll tax collector, marched on London with supporters and was killed there at Smithfield by the Lord Mayor of London?
The 2006 Grammy Award for the Best Musical Theatre recording were John Du Prez & Eric Idle (producers & composers) and Eric Idle (lyricist) for which show?
Who discovered the two moons of Mars in 1877?
What activity became legal in The Republic of Ireland when the 15th Amendment to the Constitution was passed in 1995?
In which country is the port of Incheon?
"What song is this lyric from: ""Driver at the engine, fireman rings the bell, sandman swings the lantern to show that all is well""?"
"In 1972, when Ceylon became a republic within the Commonwealth, the name was changed to Sri Lanka. What does ""Sri Lanka"" mean in Sanskrit?"
Where is the world's widest street?
Australian Shane Warne is associated with which sport?
In which sport did Olympic gold medallists Roger Ducret, Lucien Gaudin, Laura Flessel-Colovic, Gaston Alibert, Pascale Trinquet, Christian d'Oriola, Jehan Buhan and Albert Robert Ayat represent France?
What type of book are accounts usually written in?
"What is the first name of ""Seinfeld""?"
After watching US president Barack Obama giving a speech, David Letterman commented that it was nice to have a president who could pronounce which word?
What is the thick watery substance filling the space between the lens and the retina of the eye?
What film production company was named after brothers Harry (born Hirsz), Albert (born Aaron), Sam (born Szmul), and Jack (born Itzhak)?
With which sport is O J Simpson associated?
"What is the name of the principle that ""if two explanations account equally well for a particular phenomenon, the one to be chosen is the one with the fewer assumptions""?"
What is the name used in North America for a man who makes his living by felling trees?
Which American science fiction television series, first aired from 1993 to 2002, tapped into public mistrust of governments and large institutions and interest in conspiracy theories and spirituality, centring on efforts to uncover the existence of extraterrestrial life?
On 15 February 1990 the United Kingdom restored diplomatic relations after 8 years, with which country?
What should you do with a baguette?
"Who is a South African serial killer who committed the ""ABC Murders"" between 1994 and 1995, with over 30 victims?"
Generals Gallieni, Manoury, Joffre, French, von Kluck, von Blow and von Moltke were involved in which battle that stopped the German advance in 1914 during World War I?
"Who won a gold medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics, married Kris Kardashian in 1991 and from 2007 starred in the E! reality series ""Keeping Up with the Kardashians""?"
Which detective was created by G K Chesterton?
Which wonder of the ancient world was at Ephesus?
What is the name of a shoe that is traditionally made of wood?
What is a popular name for the North American bison?
"What entertainment venue in New York City's Rockefeller Center, nicknamed ""the Showplace of the Nation"", opened to the public in December 1932?"
Acccording to the English nursey rhyme, what did little Jack Horner pull out of a pie?
Where are you said to be being led when you are deceived?
Badminton debuted at the 1992 Summer Olympics. How many different people have won gold medals for the men's singles event in its first 5 Olympiads to 2008?
What name was given to a series of thirty evening radio speeches given by US President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1933 and 1944?
The final carrier of the Olympic flame in the Olympic Torch Relay is often kept secret until the last moment, and is usually who?
Where is the Sea of Vapors?
In 1403, Venice imposed a waiting period for those wishing to enter the city, to see if they would develop the plague. How long was this period of isolation?
In 1487, Portuguese navigator Bartholomew Diaz was the first European to sail past which landmark?
Where was the siege of the Alamo?
What was the first name of de Gaulle, the first President of French Fifth Republic from 1959 to 1969?
Canberra is the capital of which country?
The Battle of Ghuznee in 1839 took place between the armies of Great Britain and which other country?
The names for the satellites of which planet are chosen from characters from the works of William Shakespeare and Alexander Pope?
Typically, a male moose sheds its antlers how frequently?
If someone has a BA, they are a Bachelor of what?
"Who was the fourth (and the first female) Prime Minister of the State of Israel, who was described as the ""Iron Lady"" (before Margaret Thatcher), ""the best man in the government"" and the ""strong-willed, straight-talking, grey-bunned grandmother of the Jewish people""?"
A novel by General Lew Wallace published in 1880 was made into which films in 1926 (a silent movie) and 1959 (produced by William Wyler)?
"Which Italian nobel prize winner (1934) wrote novels such as ""Mal Gioconda"" and switched to writing plays in 1910?"
What was significant about the double-header between the Brooklyn Dodgers and the Boston Braves on 11 August 11 1951?
Betty Lou Oliver held a long-standing Guinness World Record for what event that occurred at 9:40 a.m. on 28 July 1945?
What is the common name for Hydrocephalus, a pathological condition whereby fluid is retained within the skull?
"Who wrote numerous short stories and plays and the novels ""Of Human Bondage"", ""The Moon And Sixpence"" and ""Cakes And Ale""?"
"Dr. Benjamin Spock, the American pediatrician who wrote ""Baby and Child Care"", published in 1946, won an Olympic gold medal in what type of event?"
"What musical has the characters Roxie Hart, Velma Kelly, Billy Flynn, Matron ""Mama"" Morton, Amos Hart, Mary Sunshine, Fred Casely, Mrs. Borusewicz, Harrison and Go-to-Hell Kitty Baxter?"
What is the name for an argument presented in logical form, containing 2 premises and a conclusion?
"In the James Bond film ""The World Is Not Enough"" who played Bond girl Elektra King?"
Measuring from the closest point of each of these countries to the equator, which is the furthest from the equator?
What is a form of word play that deliberately exploits ambiguity between similar-sounding words for humorous or rhetorical effect?
Cathay is a poetic name for which country?
"""Yabba dabba doo"" was a catch-phrase in which cartoon series?"
In which decade was Frank Sinatra born?
According to legend, who was King Arthur's father?
What was first demonstrated by Alexander Graham Bell at the Philadelphia Exhibition in 1876?
What international organisation was created in 1958 to bring about economic integration between European nations?
The merger of which two airlines, to create the world's 3rd largest airline in terms of annual revenue, was confirmed on 8 April 2010?
What fictional Chinese-American detective, created by Earl Derr Biggers in 1923 for a novel published in 1925, was the subject of over 45 films made between 1926 and 1981?
In 1964, Larissa Latynina, who had represented the USSR and the Ukraine in gymnastics, achieved what Olympic record?
Quantrill's Raiders, a loosely organised force of Partisan rangers under the leadership of William Clarke Quantril, fought in which war?
What was the original surname of T E Shaw, an RAF aircraftsman who was killed in a motorbike accident in 1935?
111,111,111 squared gives what result?
The peacock belongs to which family of birds?
"In the TV series ""Thunderbirds"", Parker was chauffeur to whom?"
For a proper fraction, the numerator is
The first 5 meetings of which annual international competition were held at Gteborg, Sweden (twice), Baltimore, USA, Birmingham, England, and Vienna, Austria?
What is the least number of shots that a competitor can take to complete 18 holes of golf?
What is the next in this series: Das Rheingold (The Rhinegold), Die Walkre (The Valkyrie), Siegfried, ... ?
"The names of how many states of the USA start and end with the letter ""a""?"
Canadian Florence Nightingale Graham dropped out of nursing school in Toronto and joined her elder brother in New York City, working as a bookkeeper for the E.R. Squibb Pharmaceuticals Company. By what name is she better known?
In weaving, what are the threads running parallel to the length of the cloth called?
What passes between the sun and earth to make a solar eclipse?
The Treaty of Fontainebleau, signed on 11 April 1814 by representatives of France, Austria, Hungary, Bohemia, Russia, and Prussia, had a marked effect on the personal life of whom?
When is Labour Day in the USA, Bermuda and Canada?
What Australian weekly magazine founded by two Sydney journalists, J.F. Archibald and John Haynes, which first appeared on 31 January 1880, ceased publication on 23 January 2008?
"What sort of animal is Beatrix Potter's ""Mrs Tiggywinkle""?"
Mallard, Mandarin, Red-crested Pochard, Teal, Muscovy and Eider are all types of what?
"What are the words called in crosswords that appear under the headings ""Across"" and ""Down""?"
"In the original British series of ""Who Wants To Be A Millionaire"", question 8 was worth what amount?"
Who was the first Pope to be appointed in the 21st century?
How many books in the Bible's Old Testament are included in the Catholic version but not in the Protestant one?
A particular song was copyrighted in 1935 by the Summy Company, crediting authors Preston Ware Orem and Mrs. R.R. Forman. The company was purchased in 1990 by Warner Chappell for US$15 million, with the value of the song estimated at US$5 million. What is the song?
What style of American Football founded in 2003 is a full-contact 7 a side game where uniforms consist of helmets, shoulder pads, elbow pads, knee pads, bras, and panties?
What were Operation Pointblank, Operation Overlord, Operation Fortitude, Operation Neptune and Operation Quicksilver?
If you travelled down the Missouri River from Bismarck, North Dakota, which city would you be in when you reached the ocean?
"In David Hockney's painting ""Mr and Mrs Clark and Percy"", what is Percy?"
Who won the 2010 Boston Marathon with a time of 2:05:52, easily breaking the course record of 2:07:14?
"Who, an influential English occultist and ceremonial magician, known today for his magical writings, was a hedonist, bisexual, recreational drug experimenter and social critic, and was called in the popular press of the day ""the wickedest man in the world""?"
Which 1974 film about a train hijacking starring Walter Matthau and Robert Shaw was remade in 2009 starring John Travolta and Denzel Washington?
"What is the setting for the Alfred Hitchcock film ""The Birds""?"
What satellite, launched by NASA aboard a Delta rocket from Cape Canaveral on 10 July 1962, was built as part of a multi-national agreement between AT&T;, Bell Telephone Laboratories, NASA, the British General Post Office, and the French National PTT (Post, Telegraph & Telecom Office)?
After sporadic visits by European explorers and merchants from the 17th century onwards, the eastern half of which continent was claimed by the British in 1770, and officially settled as a penal colony on 26 January 1788?
What name is given to art that depicts inanimate (typically commonplace) objects, either natural (e.g. food, flowers, plants, rocks & shells) or man-made (e.g. drinking glasses, books, vases, jewelry, coins & pipes) in an artificial setting?
What is the name of the tallest skyscraper in Saudi Arabia, one of the world's 50th tallest buildings, that is in Riyadh?
Who, the illegitimate son of a peasant girl, was educated in the studio of a Florentine painter, spent much of his early working life in the service of Ludovico il Moro in Milan, worked in Rome, Bologna and Venice, and spent his final years in France at the home given to him by King Franois I?
What were Operation Torch, Operation Ichi-Go, Operation Bagration, Operation Market Garden and Operation Crossbow?
Where was there a series of explosions and fire on 23 October 1989 (killing 23 employees and injuring 314), an explosion on 23 June 1999 (killing two men and injuring three) and an explosion and fire on 27 March 2000 (which caused 1 death and 71 injuries)?
What is the name for the act of murdering of one's own sister?
In which country is the city of Maastricht?
Which team has played in 40 of the 105 Baseball World Series and won 27 World Series championships (between 1923 and 2009), the most of any Major League franchise?
"The ""Hall of Mirrors"" is in which building?"
What is another name for the alligator pear?
A lodestone or loadstone is a piece of the mineral magnetite which has what property?
Who presented a list of 23 problems in mathematics at a conference of the International Congress of Mathematicians on 8 August 1900 in the Sorbonne, of which only 10 have resolutions which are fully accepted?
Who lived in the Lateran Palace from the fourth to the fourteenth centuries?
"What type of sentence is ""pack my red box with five dozen quality jugs""?"
"What was the mission of ""Earthview 01: The Founders Flight"" which was launched on 21 April 1997?"
Lee Kuan Yew and Goh Chok Tong were the first two Prime Ministers of which country?
"The song ""Love To Love You Baby"" was banned by the BBC in 1975. Who was the artist?"
What French military unit was established in 1831 to enable people from other countries to serve in the French Armed Forces, commanded by French officers?
As at 2010, which team had played the most seasons of professional baseball games without winning the World Series, with their last win in 1908?
Which river runs through the cities of Basel, Strasbourg, Karlsruhe, Mainz, Koblenz, Bonn, Cologne, Dsseldorf, Arnhem, Utrecht and Rotterdam?
Who won his third rowing Olympic gold medal with Steve Redgrave in 2000?
"A novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs, first published in ""All-Story Magazine"" in October 1912, was ""Tarzan of the ... "" what?"
How many black keys are there on a standard modern piano?
In which sport did Andre Agassi's father Mike Agassi compete in the 1948 and 1952 Olympics, represented Iran?
What was the first name of the painter Manet?
What is a name for a type of private club in city outskirts or rural areas that usually offers a variety of recreational sports facilities such as golf, tennis, swimming and polo?
"What is the national government body for scientific research in Australia that was founded in 1926 as the ""Advisory Council of Science and Industry""?"
"In literature, what is the word for the events that follow the climax of a drama, literally ""the untying of the complexities of a plot""?"
What genus of flowering plants, native to an area from Brazil to Peru to southern Argentina discovered in 1768 by French botanist Philibert Commeron, is a thorny, woody vine reaching from 1 to 12 metres tall by growing over other plants with hooked thorns tipped with a black, waxy substance?
Farthings were in use in England as coinage from the 13th century and ceased to be legal tender on 31 December 1960. How many of them were there in a pound (1)?
What was the largest passenger ship by gross tonnage when she took her maiden voyage on 4 June 2006?
Which horse race is held at Churchill Downs?
Geoff Capes, twice the world's strongest man, won 2 Olympic Games gold medals in which sport?
In Greek mythology, who were the band of heroes who accompanied Jason to Colchis in his quest to find the Golden Fleece?
Of the 26 times that the 100 metres has been included in the Olympic Games to 2008, which country has won the most gold medals (16)?
What paraffin-derived clear, transparent liquid developed in 1924 by W. J. Stoddard and Lloyd E. Jackson began to be used by dry cleaners in 1928 and has become a common organic solvent used in painting and decorating?
"Someone who deprives themselves of sleep is said to be ""burning the ... what ... at both ends""?"
"The Dakar Rally, formerly known as ""The Paris-Dakar"", an annual off-road automobile race that began in 1978, has usually been held from Paris, France to Dakar, Senegal. Due to political instability in Africa, the 2009 rally was run where?"
"Which organisation runs the undergraduate college in Annapolis, Maryland, USA, that is known as ""The Academy""?"
Sherlock Holmes was proficient in which fictional martial art invented by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle?
Where is the Foaming Sea?
"The phrase ""up and under"" is associated with which sport?"
What was the Mississippi State Penitentiary formerly called?
"The ""phylloxera epidemic"" affects what?"
"""Give me Liberty, or give me Death!"" is a quotation attributed to which speaker at a court hearing on 23 March 1775, at St. John's Church in Richmond, Virginia?"
Which musical term denotes slurred staccato, notated by adding a slur to staccato notes, and is played almost legato, with each note 'carried' to the next?
The initial parts of which London building were built as a fortress by the Normans, had additions to become a palace and then was used primarily as a prison?
What name is given to the syndrome which involves a delusion that the affected person can transform or has transformed into an animal?
"Until 2004, when the International Judging System (IJS) (informally called the ""Code of Points"") was introduced, what was the highest score a judge could award in figure skating for each of the ""free skate"" and the ""short"" programmes?"
What name was given to the English Civil war in the 15th century between the rival houses of Lancaster and York?
"Where would one find ""Bachmann's bundle""?"
The island called Martha's Vineyard off the south of Cape Cod in New England is in which state of the USA?
In 1848, Mexico ratified the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, officially ceding what to the USA?
Who famously gatecrashed a state dinner for Indian President Manmohan Singh at the White House on 24 November 2009?
Which city, since the 14th century BC, has been controlled by Israelites, Judaeans, Babylonians, Persians, Greeks, Hasmoneans, Romans, Byzantines, Arabs, Mamluks, Turks, and the British and for a short time after World War II was occupied by Israel and Jordan?
The island of Taiwan is off the coast of where?
What is the name of the tool used to sharpen a knife?
What sign of the zodiac is represented by a lion?
"How many people made up the English pop rock group ""Tears For Fears""?"
Where was the first competition named the FIFA Club World Cup held in 2006?
What is the word for the process of using strong acid or mordant to cut into the unprotected parts of a metal surface to create a design in intaglio in the metal?
What part of the world has been ruled by Aelle, Ceawlin, Ethelberht, Rdwald, Edwin, Oswald, Oswy, Wulfhere, Ethelred, Ethelbald, Offa, Cnwulf and Egbert?
Project SCORE, the worlds first communications satellite, was launched when?
What is the only country in the southern hemisphere to have won a gold medal in the Winter Olympics?
The Great Sphinx of Giza in Egypt is a statue of a reclining mythical creature with a lion's body and the head of a what?
"Who painted ""Boy With a Pipe"" which, in May 2004, was sold for a record price of $104 million?"
In October 2010, who sued Steve McQueen's fashion company, Alexander McQueen, and retail giant Saks, for trademark infringement?
What is the name for a piece of exercise equipment consisting of a metal bar, one or more sets of weight plates, and a set of collars?
The Ironman World Championship, which has been held annually in Hawaii since 1978, with an additional race in 1982, involves which sport?
Which Texas congressman who ran a campaign to rid Afghanistan of Soviet influence in the 1980s, died in February 2010?
"What is a ""white dwarf""?"
"In the James Bond film ""Goldfinger"" who played Bond girl Pussy Galore?"
What was the fictional family with children called Greg, Peter, Bobby, Marcia, Jan and Cindy, that first came to US TV screens in 1969?
What is the name of the line separating the numerator and denominator of a fraction if it is written as a diagonal line?
Set up in 1954 as a merger of smaller groups, the Front de Libration Nationale fought a war for independence from France until 1962, when the French government signed a cease-fire agreement. The FLN became the only legal party in which country?
Who was ousted as Panama's leader after a 1989 US invasion ordered by President George H.W. Bush, was convicted of drug racketeering and related charges in 1992, and was extradited to France at the end of April 2010 on charges of laundering around US$3 million in drug proceeds by buying luxury apartments in Paris?
What character created by Robert Ludlum appeared in a film trilogy released between 2002 to 2007?
The assassination of Salvatore Maragano led to a major change in what organisation?
What is the disease that Stephen Hawking has?
What was the first book to be printed in England, in 1477?
The rings of which planet were first detected in 1980 but only identified in 1989 by the Voyager 2 spacecraft? .
Motorbikes compete without brakes in what types of event?
Formula 1 driver Ayrton Senna died while leading the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix at which motor racing circuit?
In which novel does Michael Henchard sell his wife and child for 5 guineas?
"Which tree produces red fruits called ""haws""?"
The capital of Brazil was moved from Rio de Janeiro to the purpose-built capital city of Brasilia in what year?
The Rio Grande forms the border of Texas with what other area?
The Indonesian Army special forces group, founded in 1952, that conducts special operations missions for the Indonesian government is called what?
Ivan the Terrible was a czar of what country?
There are 354 steps from where to where?
"What was the code-name for the reporters Bernstein and Woodward's contact during their investigation of the ""Watergate"" scandal?"
In 1947, Chuck Yeager was the first to do what in an aeroplane?
What compete at the Burghley Trials, Badminton, the Rolex Kentucky Three Day, the Adelaide Trials, the Luhmhlen Trials and the toiles de Pau?
In 1968, what telephone number was established as the national emergency number for the United States?
What is the word for the projection on a ship that holds a lifeboat?
June Middleton, of Melbourne, Australia, who died aged 83 in 2009, was in the Guinness Book of Records for spending the most time in what?
"In the nursery rhyme beginning ""Hey Diddle Diddle"", who ran away with the spoon?"
Where was the first annual G6 leaders summit (which later became the G8) held in 1975?
In 2003, what character was voted by the American Film Institute to be the greatest hero in American film?
Who won the gold medal for the 100m at the 1992 Olympics at 32 years of age and became the oldest Olympic 100 m champion by four years?
What is the name of the system of stellar designation in which a specific star is identified by a Greek letter (then Latin letters in lower-case then upper-case), followed by the genitive form of its parent constellation's Latin name (e.g. Tauri)?
In which decade was Barack Obama born?
"Whose autobiography ""Going Rogue"" was published in 2009?"
What were Operation Plumbbob, Operation Nougat, Operation Plowshare, Operation Sunbeam and Operation Dominic II?
"In 1587, Sir Francis Drake ""singed the beard of the King of Spain"" by leading a fleet which destroyed 37 naval and merchant ships in the port of La Corua and which other place?"
What is the name of a bishop's staff that is shaped like a shepherd's crook?
Cricketer W G Grace, who played first-class cricket from 1865 to 1908, also captained England from 1903 to 1908 in what other sport?
Who was king of the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Wessex from 871 to 899, notable for his defence of the Anglo-Saxon kingdoms of southern England against the Vikings, and for improving his kingdom's legal system and military structure?
In the 16th century, which explorer began and led the first known successful circumnavigation of the earth?
Who designed the British World War II fighter plane, the Spitfire?
"In the films ""Batman Forever"" (1995) and ""Batman & Robin"" (1997) who was Bruce Wayne's ward?"
What TV character worked as a salesman at Gary's Shoes in Chicago, Illinois?
The music of which band finally became available for download from iTunes in November 2010?
Who invaded Europe from Mongolia and Turkey over 300 years, beginning in the 13th century?
The Grand Old Party or GOP is the name for which political party in the USA?
What country is the world's largest producer of Tobacco?
"Who was the goalkeeper for England's opening match in the 2010 FIFA World Cup against the USA on 12 June, whose performance made headlines in the UK such as ""The Hand of Clod""?"
"Who says ""Is this a dagger that I see before me"" in a Shakespearean play?"
Prince Charles founded what organisation in 1976 to help young employed people?
Philippe Croizon was the first quadruple amputee to achieve what on 18 September 2010, at the age of 42?
Whose armies were defeated at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815?
"How many gifts are there in the ""Twelve Days of Christmas""?"
Which river is most sacred to the Hindu religion?
Most of the world's caviar comes from where?
What numbers are on the two red pool balls?
Who was the first female artist to have a #1 album in the USA and the UK simultaneously?
"Which Canadian, born Eilleen Regina Edwards, made the album ""Come on Over"", the best-selling album of all time by a female musician and the best-selling album in the history of country music?"
What is the name of Madonna's proposed chain of fitness clubs?
Who was elected Governor of the US State of Texas in 1994?
Which country produces the most of the world's olive oil?
Which island is famous for its carved stone statues?
In November 2010, Genoveva Aonma and sisters Bilguissa Simpor and Salimata Simpor of which national women's soccer team were accused by newspapers in Nigeria and Cameroon of being men, not women?
Beatrice Tinsley was well known in what field?
Which company was founded by Bill Gates and Paul Allen in Albuquerque, New Mexico, on 4 April 1975 to develop and sell BASIC interpreters for a new microcomputer, the Altair 8800?
What US public holiday falls on the 3rd Monday in February every year?
Goliath is the name for a South American spider that eats what?
"A 1993 film starring Tom Hanks was ""Sleepless in ... "" where?"
Which expression is associated with the sinking of the HMS Birkenhead at Gansbaai near Cape Town, South Africa, in Febuary 1852?
"The song ""Love is All Around"" by Wet Wet Wet featured on the soundtrack for which 1994 film?"
"What is another name for ""mother of pearl""?"
In the 1930s, who was the first to win all 4 tennis Grand Slam titles?
What is the substance that causes irritation from a sting by a nettle or an ant?
John Lennon's hand-written lyrics for which song sold for US$1.2 million at Sotheby's in June 2010?
"What sport is featured in ""Invictus"", a 2009 film directed by Clint Eastwood?"
What is a group of jellyfish called?
What item of headwear is associated with Sherlock Holmes?
Which shipping passage was closed from 1967 to 1975?
"Broadly, what is the setting for Samuel Beckett's play ""Happy Days""?"
"Sheep are aged by their teeth and are referred to by the number of permanent incisors that have erupted. About how old is an ""eight-tooth"" or full-mouth sheep, which is also referred to as 'aged'?"
Who was the first female prime minister of the Republic of India, who served for three consecutive terms from 1966 to 1977 and then from 1980 until her assassination in 1984?
"What profession had been followed by Yorick, a character in Shakespeare's ""Hamlet""?"
What is the longest time that there can be between General Elections in the UK?
"The narrative poem ""The Gypsies"" (1824) by Alexander Pushkin influenced a novella by Prosper Mrime (1845), which was the basis for a libretto by Henri Meilhac and Ludovic Halvy for which opera that premiered at the Opra-Comique of Paris in 1875?"
"In Victorian England, what was a ""reticule""?"
Celadon is a shade of what colour?
The Battle of Balaclava was in which war?
What is the name of the art form where objects are glued to, usually, a piece of paper or canvas?
"From which language do we get the word ""dungarees""?"
What was the nickname of tennis player Mark Philippoussis?
What is identified by an I. S. B. N.?
"Which album by Lily Allen contained the tracks ""The Fear"", ""Not Fair"" and ""22""?"
"How many adjectives are there in the sentence ""Jack ran down the path.""?"
In the books by the Rev. W. V. Awdry and the UK TV series first broadcast in 1984 with Ringo Starr as storyteller, how many wheels does Thomas the Tank Engine have?
What word means to sell scarce shares or tickets at a quick profit?
What is the literal translation of the name Las Vegas?
"An ""ISBN"" is an identification number found on what item?"
Players form scrums in which sport?
"What word refers to the period before ""The Great Flood"" as described in the Old Testament of the Bible?"
What relation were Ravi Shankar and Norah Jones to each other?
John Sholto Douglas sponsored the rules for which sport in the 19th century?
The islands of Malta, Sardinia, Sicily and Corsica are in which Sea?
What were Scotsmen prohibited from wearing 1746-1782 under the Highland Garb Act, after the rising in Scotland in 1745?
The Limpopo River separates Zimbabwe and Botswana from what country?
Which one of these countries is not a permanent member of the UN Security Council, with the power to veto any substantive resolution?
"In the 19th century, the term ""penny dreadful"" applied to what item?"
Which American bluegrass-country singer and fiddler has won 26 Grammy Awards, making her the most awarded female artist (and the third most awarded artist overall) in Grammy history since she recorded for the first time at the age of 14?
What is the name of the short bar with weights at each end that is sometimes used by bodybuilders?
With what group are Bobby Seale and Huey P. Newton associated?
"The ""Three Laws of Motion"" are named after which scientist who published them in 1687?"
"Where was the sport called ""Tossing the caber"" developed?"
In which city can you visit the Luigi Ferraris Stadium, the gardens of the Villa Durazzo-Pallavicini, the Piazza De Ferrari, the cemetery of Staglieno, the Edoardo Chiossone Museum of Oriental Art and the Torre della Lanterna?
Who was the first US president to succeed to the Presidency upon the assassination of his predecessor and the first US President to be impeached?
"Which American vocalist (described by the British newspaper ""The Guardian"" as ""one of the greatest voices of her generation"") whose repertoire included jazz, blues, folk, gospel and pop, was unknown outside Washington, D.C., until after she died of melanoma in 1996?"
"Who was the main character in the Who's rock opera ""Tommy"", the boy traumatised by the murder of his mother's lover?"
Admiral Sir John Jellicoe commanded the British fleet at the Battle of Jutland, the largest naval battle of World War I, against a fleet from which country?
"The ""Giant Marbles"" rock formation in the USA is in which national park?"
"What is the real name of ""Baby Spice"" of the Spice Girls, whose 2007 single ""All I Need to Know"" was the lowest-charting single of her solo career?"
"In the United Kingdom, what is ""The Solent""?"
"Billy Connolly, Robert de Niro, Mia Farrow, Sting, Colin Firth, Pete Townshend, Robert Redford and Damien Hirst were among those who signed an open letter in ""The Times"" to try to achieve what?"
"What profession requires the artist to know about ""F stops""?"
"""Million Dollar Quartet"" is a stage musical by Floyd Mutrux & Colin Escott that opened on Broadway on 11 April 2010. Who are ""the quartet""?"
"In which song does the singer sing about ""the way you wear your hat, the way you sip your tea"", and ""the way you hold your knife, the way we danced till three""?"
Judith Keppel was the first winner of the top prize on which UK programme?
What is the minimum number of points needed to win a tiebreak in tennis, such as in the Hopman Cup for mixed doubles, on the ATP and WTA tours for doubles and sometmes in USTA league play?
"The song ""Good Morning To All"", composed by Pattie and Mildred Hill in 1893, is now sung as what?"
When are the events surrounding the legend of the Pied Piper of Hamelin supposed to have taken place?
In 1973 the Paris Peace Accords were held in an attempt to end which war?
What Brazilian city exports more coffee than any other port in the world?
In which country were 29 miners killed after 2 explosions in the Pike River Mine in November 2010, making it the most-deadly mining disaster there in 96 years?
The Misses World for both 1999 and 2000 represented which country?
"In 2006 English politician George Galloway was widely quoted as saying that it would be ""morally justified if someone chose to assassinate "" whom?"
What name is given to describes the phenomenon of the gradual mixing of two different substances which are in contact?
"What TV character used the catchphrase ""I know nothing""?"
Center, Offensive guard, Offensive tackle, Tight end, Wide receiver, Fullback, Running back, Quarterback, Defensive end, Defensive tackle, Nose guard, Linebacker, Cornerback, Safety, Nickelback and Dimeback are positions in which sport?
American rapper Tramar Dillard is better known by what stage name?
Alan Bates played an escaped convict who was mistaken for the son of God in which 1961 film?
What was the name given to the largest alluvial gold nugget discovered by John Deason and Richard Oates at Moliagul, Victoria, Australia on 5 February 1869?
"What is the current name of the islands originally called the ""Sandwich Islands""?"
Isaac Kwame Amuah, who in December 2010 turned himself in to South African police to face extradition charges in relation to accusations of rape from 1993 while he was a lecturer in the US, has what connection to Nelson Mandela?
What was the catch-cry of the Three Musketeers?
What began when Bohemia revolted against the Habsburgs in 1618?
In 2006, who became the second basketball player to score over 80 points in an NBA game?
During the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962, what did Kennedy threaten if Khrushchev did not agree to remove missiles from the Soviet intermediate-range ballistic missile site under construction in Cuba?
Whose birth and death are commemorated on the same day?
"What sport has been contested annually in Britain since 1715 in the race called ""Doggett's Coat and Badge""?"
In the late 1800s, the steam powered Bell-Coleman machine was fitted to ships to provide what?
Maine Coon, Munchkin, Oriental Shorthair, Persian, Ragamuffin, Russian Blue, Siamese, Siberian, Snowshoe, Sphynx, Tonkinese and Manx are all breeds of what?
In Germany, what is an autobahn?
Which 2008 Western film starred Ed Harris and Viggo Mortensen as lawmen, Jeremy Irons as a rancher and Renee Zellweger as a piano-playing widow?
What are muslin and chenille?
"What organisation was founded in 1831 by James Winston, Samuel James Arnold, Samuel Beazley, Sir Andrew Francis Barnard, and Francis Mills to ""tend to the regeneration of the Drama""?"
In 1995, Steffi Graf became the only tennis player to have won each of the four grand slam events how many times?
Actor Omar Sharif is one of the world's leading players of which game?
What is the favourite drink of a vampire?
Which Frenchman, who never learned to speak Swedish, became King Charles XIV John of Sweden and Norway?
What word's original meaning was to do with the provison of granite chips onto the ground and then made into a hard and smooth surface using a roller?
What type of building is likely to have a minaret?
In which year was the first robbery for which it is known that Jesse James was responsible, of the Davies's County Savings Association in Gallatin, Missouri, during which Jesse shot and killed the cashier, Captain John Sheets?
"On 2 November 2010, the oil painting ""Nude Sitting on a Divan"" sold for $68.9 million, a record for an artwork by which artist?"
"A ""land run"" into which current state of the USA began at noon on 22 April 1889, when an estimated 50,000 people lined up to race to claim 160 acre (0.65 km2) pieces of the available 2 million acres (8,000 km)?"
"Which country set up the ""Committee on Public Information"" from April 1917 to June 1919 to run a propaganda campaign using newsprint, posters, radio, telegraph, cable and movies to broadcast its message, including fabrications (e.g. images of enemy soldiers killing babies and hoisting them on bayonets), and told citizens to seek out spies, which led to the creation of ""patriotic organizations,"" which spied, tapped telephones, and opened mail in an effort to ferret out ""spies and traitors"" (i.e. anyone who called for peace, questioned the war's progress, or criticized government policies)?"
What should you cross for good luck?
In 2006 Monty Panesar became the first person of what religion to play test cricket for England?
What international event held at the end of each year, featuring some of the world's best racing and rally drivers, was first co-organised in 1988 by former rally driver Michle Mouton?
What are the tetrahedron, cube, octahedron, dodecahedron and icosahedron known as?
What separates Wales from Devon, England?
"The computer game ""Star Wars: Rogue Squadron"", released in December 1998, in which the player controls Luke Skywalker as commander of an elite group of X-wing pilots, is set mainly between which two ""Star Wars"" films?"
Benot B. Mandelbrot worked on a wide range of mathematical problems, including mathematical physics and quantitative finance, but is best known as the father of what?
The island of Tasmania is governed by which country?
The Black Hawk War was for possession of lands east of the Mississippi. In which modern day state was the first confrontation, at Stillman's Run, on 14 May 1832, which resulted in a victory for Chief Black Hawk's Sauk and Fox warriors over the local militiamen commanded by Major Isaiah Stillman?
"How is the title of Rossini's opera ""La Gazza Ladra"" usually translated into English?"
Horatio was a legendary Roman hero who defended a bridge against which army?
In 2010, what North American horse broke the All-time North American female earnings record with over $6 million, broke two world records for Grade/Group I (for consecutive victories and the All-time North American record number of victories by a filly/mare), and tied the All-time North American record for the number of consecutive victories without defeat?
Which event held in Alberta, Canada, which bills itself as The Greatest Outdoor Show on Earth, is a large festival, exhibition, and rodeo held for 10 days every summer in July, attracts more than 1.2 million visitors?
The Sagrada Famlia in Barcelona, which began construction in 1882, was consecrated and declared a basilica by the Pope in what year?
What name is given to the unnatural fear of men?
What is the only county in the USA to border 5 counties from 5 different states : Baca County, Colorado; Morton County, Kansas; Texas County, Oklahoma; Dallam County, Texas; Union County, New Mexico ?
What is the next in the series: Nigeria, Sierra Leone, Tanganyika, Uganda, Zanzibar, Kenya, Malawi, Zambia, Gambia, Botswana, Lesotho, Mauritius
What amateur rowing club based at Henley on Thames, England, was founded in 1818?
Which game has 5 players per team (who are not allowed to wear shoes), who play for 36 minutes in three 12 minute periods on a stretch of sand that is 35-37m (38.2-40.4 yds) long and 26-28m (28.4-30.6 yards) wide?
"Who was known as the ""Moses of her people"" for leading escaped slaves to freedom during the US Civil War?"
Which Europeans have been proved to have reached North America before Christopher Columbus?
"What kind of character is ""Touchstone"", who appears in Shakespeare's ""As You Like It""?"
What Scottish city is at the confluence of the rivers Dee and Don?
Ivan Galamian has had world-wide influence as a teacher of what?
According to Greek legend, which sorceress helped Jason to find the golden fleece and became his wife?
What were Operation Ranger, Operation Buster-Jangle, Operation Tumbler-Snapper, Operation Upshot-Knothole and Operation Teapot?
Who created St Trinians, a fictional girls' boarding school, the subject of 8 books and 7 films between 1954 and 2009?
"George Bernard Shaw described dancing as ""a vertical expression of ... "" what?"
"In what sport are the ""stones"" aimed at the ""house""?"
Who married Heidi Klum in May 2005?
What word is used to describe someone within an organisation who leaks information?
Ninette de Valois was involved professionally in what activity?
The mountain massif called Maxwell Montes contains the highest point on the surface of which planet?
What is the term used when one team is beaten throroughly by another?
Which of the continents is the smallest in area?
"What Latin phrase means means to speak under one's breath, literally ""under voice""?"
What natural effect is only visible during a total eclipse of the sun?
Stirling who was a British racing driver, who raced from 1948 to 1962 and won 212 of the 529 races he entered, including 16 Formula One Grands Prix?
The Nobel Peace Prize winner for 2010 lives in which country?
"Who wrote the music for the musical ""A Chorus Line""?"
Which English town is known for its collection of concrete cows?
Lieutenant General James Thomas Brudenell, who commanded the Light Brigade of the British Army during the Crimean War, was the 7th Earl of what?
How many US states border Lake Superior?
Who was the last Anglo-Saxon king of England?
Where was the world's tallest road bridge opened in December 2004?
What was named after American frontiersman James Bowie?
What team does controversial quarterback Michael Vick play for in the National Football League in the USA?
Elvis Presley sang a few lines in German on which US hit song?
"Charlie Sheen starred as which character in the TV series ""Two and a Half Men""?"
"Who published ""A Book of Nonsense"" (a volume of limericks that went through three editions) in 1846, ""The History of the Seven Families of the Lake Pipple-Popple"" in 1865, and ""The Owl and the Pussycat"" in 1867?"
Who performed in the first concert link into space, which was sent from Anaheim California to the space shuttle Discovery in 2005?
The Fan, Westhead, Becher's Brook, Foinavon's, Canal Turn, Valentine's Brook, the Booth, the Anchor Bridge and the Chair are features of a venue for what sport?
What innovation was introduced to Britain by Prime Minister William Pitt the Younger in 1798?
What nickname was given to Ana Cumpna, also known as Anna Sage, who betrayed John Dillinger to the police when he attended the Biograph Theater in Chicago?
What is the word for a small amount of money?
MC Romeo, Dan Da Man, Mr Akira and Mr C were members of which group?
"Who wrote the piece of music recognised in much of the Western world as ""The Wedding March"" (or as ""Here Comes The Bride"")?"
Tanzania was renamed in 1964. What was it previously called?
What was the UK #1 single released by the band Stereophonics in 2005?
Who was the legless World War II fighter pilot who was detained in German prisoner of war camps for 4 years?
"In the TV series ""Dastardly and Muttley in Their Flying Machines"", what is the name of Dastardly's squadron?"
Which game that contained many D&D; features and references, including a computer controlled dungeon master, created in 1975 by Will Crowther on a DEC PDP-10 computer, the first widely used adventure game, was significantly expanded in 1976 by Don Woods, that inspired a group of students at MIT to write a game called Zork in the summer of 1977 for the PDP-10 minicomputer which became quite popular on the ARPANET?
For which two films has Michael Caine won Oscars?
Which member of the British royal family was born on 8/8/88?
"In Scotland and northern England, what is a ""bairn""?"
Which American carnivorous mammal feeds by night, habitually dipping its prey into water before eating?
What 2008 film is an adaptation by Andrew Davies of a book by Sarah Waters, that is set in a Victorian-era women's prison?
What is the official residence of the Vice President of the USA?
Raph Koster, Brad McQuaid, Mark Jacobs, Brian Green and J. Todd Coleman are influential in MMORPG design. What is MMORPG?
What is traditionally written in a ledger?
What is the name for the pieces of wood that sit on top of cricket wickets?
"In September 2010, why did Chen Xiaomei of the city of Xian announce that she was suing a cinema and film distributors of Chinese box office hit ""Aftershock""?"
The Jurassic period is known for the appearance on earth of what?
In Norse mythology, who was best known for carrying a hammer?
What is commemorated in Great Britain by Trafalgar Day every 21 October, and by the name of Trafalgar Square in London?
Who was the last English king from the House of Normandy, succeeded by Henry II in 1154, the first of the Plantagenets?
Which 20th century American composer wrote the American Festival overture in 1939, and Symphony No. 3 considered the most important new work of 1942, and won the Pulitzer Prize in 1943?
Italian brothers Francesco and Edoardo Molinari play what sport?
In which sea is the The Grenadines island chain?
Who was the first African American holder of the world heavyweight boxing title?
Which tree, native to Western Australia, has flowers that are used to make honey, and long, straight trunks which provide a deep rich reddish-brown, termite-resistant wood with an attractive grain?
From 1937 to 1942 Alan Lomax, who contributed more than 10,000 field recordings of folk music from the USA, the Caribbean, Ireland, Great Britain, Spain, and Italy, was Assistant in Charge of the Archive of Folk Song of what establishment?
"Which composer wrote ""Night and Day"", ""I Get a Kick out of You"", ""Well, Did You Evah!"" and ""I've Got You Under My Skin""?"
Lloyd's of London, a British insurance and reinsurance market, began around 1688 in what kind of place?
Antananarivo is the capital of which country?
"Dido was ""featured"" on the song ""Sam"", which was written and performed by whom?"
In April 2010, ash from the eruption of which mountain caused flights to be cancelled in Northern Europe ?
What is the maximum number of points that can be scored from a single shot in basketball?
What name is given to a woman divorced, separated, or living away from her spouse?
"Who wrote the poem ""Daffodils""?"
What are the topmost 7 vertebrae of the backbone called?
In the 18th century, the capital of Russia was moved from Moscow to where?
The language known as Putonghua, Guoyu, Gwok Yu and Huayu, is spoken in Taiwan, Malaysia and Singapore and where else that it is the official language?
Damascus is the capital of which country?
"Which ""Bond girl"" met Ringo Starr when they starred in the 1981 film ""Caveman"", and later married him?"
"What does the word ""dissemble"" mean?"
Which English cricket captain had a well-publicised row with Pakistani umpire Shakoor Rana in Faisalabad in 1987?
"The score for the Broadway musical ""Kismet"" was adapted from the music of which composer?"
What acid is found in tea?
A tour by a sporting group caused major unrest in their host country,1971 in Australia and 1981 in New Zealand, leading to a state of emergency being declared during the tour. Which was the group?
Which golf club is designed to hit the ball the furthest distance?
Where is the grave of Bing Crosby?
Under the Treaty of Breda (31 July 1667), negotiated to end the Second Anglo-Dutch War, the Dutch kept the colony of Suriname conquered from the English, and left the English with what area of land?
In 1949, who became the youngest player to represent England in test cricket?
Lemony Snicket wrote which series of children's books?
"Who was known in the 1991 Gulf War as ""Stormin' Norman""?"
What was the name of the alliance of trading cities and their guilds, each with their own law system and with armies for mututal aid, that established and maintained a trade monopoly along the coast of Northern Europe, from the Baltic to the North Sea and inland, from the 13th to 17th centuries?
The Royal Navy introduced limes to the standard diet for crewmen to prevent what?
"The TV series ""Married... with Children"" was set in which city?"
What name is given to 2 distinct diseases, one of which is a condition due to deficiency of secretion of the pancreas, the other associated with diseases of the pituatary gland?
What is the term for the attribution of human characteristics to non-human creatures and beings, phenomena, material states and objects or abstract concepts, (e.g. animals, plants and forces of nature such as winds, the rain or the sun)?
"What does ""coup d'etat"" mean?"
What was a demonstration sport at the 1988 Olympics in Seoul, when the opening ceremony featured a mass demonstration of it, involving hundreds of adults and children?
George Cukor directed which 1964 film musical?
What was the name given in England to the ringing, introduced by William the Conqueror, of a bell at sunset or 8pm in winter as a signal to extinguish fires and lights?
"What is the name of the feast day in the Western Christian calendar which occurs on 29 September to honour the defeat of Lucifer in the battle for the heavens, for which the traditional meal includes goose (a ""stubble-goose"", i.e. one prepared around harvest time)?"
Lenny Bruce was in what field of entertainment in the 1960s?
In what country did rugby football originate, and when were the first rules written?
In which country were democratic elections held in May 1989, and though Guillermo Endara was elected president, the results were annulled by the existing government?
Which is the film, about canine reincarnation and the relationships between father and son and master and dog, based on an Alan Sharp adaptation of a short novel by Irish author Lord Dunsany?
What are Jimmy Reed, Skip James, Elmore James & Big Bill Broonzy best known as?
What ancient civilization was centred in the north of ancient Canaan, with its heartland along the coastal regions of modern day Lebanon, Syria and Israel?
Where was the first permanent European settlement established in North America?
What is the medical description of the loss of hair from the head or body, sometimes to the extent of baldness?
The Treaty of Kiel, between the UK, Sweden and Denmark-Norway was intended to ease hostilities relating to which war?
On 31 May 2010, the President of which country announced his resignation after local politicians criticised comments he made in relation to overseas military deployments?
In marine or naval terminology, what is special about dog watches?
Who became the first king of the northern Israelite Kingdom of Israel after the revolt of the ten northern Israelite tribes against Rehoboam, who reigned for twenty-two years in the 900sBC?
What was the name of two tyrants who ruled Syracuse in the 2nd century BC?
How many decades are there in a millennium?
Between 1783 and 1865, Englishmen William Wilberforce, Sir Cecil Wray and Dr Beilby Porteus, Africans Olaudah Equiano and Ignatius Sancho and, in the USA, William Lloyd Garrison, John Greenleaf Whittier, Harriet Beecher Stowe, Frederick Douglass, Charles Henry Langston and John Mercer Langston were leading figures in which movement?
What London establishment was created in 1753 by Sir Harris Sloane?
In 2006, Stephen Harper became the Prime Minister of which country?
"Who was ""Sports Illustrated"" magazine's first ""Sportsman of the Year""?"
Aberdeen is known as what?
Which country declared a state of emergency on 8 November 2005 as a result of prolonged rioting, allegedly provoked by the death of 2 teenagers?
"""M"", ""Luscious Pink"" and ""Forever"" are women's fragrances from Elizabeth Arden, endorsed by whom?"
On the Cartesian Plane where is the unit usually represented as i or j?
What is the nickname of the Australian national rugby union team?
John and David Lloyd represented Great Britain in the early 1970s at what sport?
A doping scandal in 2012 involving Lance Armstrong relates to which sport?
The Grand Canyon in the USA lies between which two mountain ranges?
In 1657, who turned down the opportunity to become King of England?
Which western country was the first to extend the right to vote in national elections to women?
What word is used to mean the dead skin at the base of a fingernail?
"Whose motto is ""Je Maintiendrai""?"
"In Charles Dickens' ""Great Expectations"", who or what was Abel Magwitch?"
Argentina invaded UK's Falkland Islands, Israel invaded Southern Lebanon, Canada became officially independent of the UK, Leonid Brezhnev, leader of the USSR, died, all in what year?
Which Olympic event covers the longest distance?
Man Ray was famous in what field?
What is a reality TV show in which a group of people live in a large house watched by cameras, first broadcast in the Netherlands in 1999?
Torres Strait Islander Eddie Mabo became famous in Australian history for his role in campaigning for what?
Which ocean is closest to the capital of the USA?
In the middle ages, what were built in Canterbury, York, Lincoln, Salisbury, Lichfield and Winchester?
Since 1951, what is the maximum number of full consecutive terms to be filled by one US president?
A bean bag is a substitute for what item of furniture?
What battle cry of Richard I at the Battle of Gisors in 1198 was adopted as the motto of the arms of England where, except for changes during the reigns of Elizabeth I, Anne and William III, it has been since 1340?
What is the name of the test cricket venue in Manchester, England?
What was the name of the book that was a collection of Aubrey Beardsley's work, published by Leonard Smithers in 1897?
What colour is lapis lazuli?
Which river flows through Cologne?
According to global media two major, potentially world-changing events took place in the week 6 -13 November 2012. Which were they?
What is the name of 11 Roman Emperors, the first of which transferred the capital to Byzantium in 330 AD, and the last of which died when it was captured by the Turks in 1453?
What style of music is synonymous with Perez Prado?
Kylie Minogue played Charlene Robinson in what soap opera?
What name was given to a trooper in the Parliamentarian cavalry formed by Oliver Cromwell during the English Civil War?
The English football team played the World Cup Final in 1966 in what coloured shirts?
Angela Grisanti Vecchio, Stanley Zbornak, Clayton Hollingsworth and Salvadore Petrillo are characters in what US television series?
The Hapsburg dynasty originated in which country?
What is the name of the line that darts players stand behind to throw?
"Who has hosted the US series ""Power of 10"", ""Whose Line Is It Anyway?"" and ""The Price Is Right""?"
What is the early English name for the road that went from London through Lincoln and York to Hadrian's Wall?
What is the name for the act of murdering of one's own mother?
The tough fibrous membrane called the dura covers what?
"In 1936, whose paper ""On Computable Numbers, with an Application to the Entscheidungsproblem"" proved that a machine could perform any conceivable mathematical computation if it were able to be represented as an algorithm?"
What name has been used on Irish postage stamps since 1922, and on all Irish coinage (including Irish euro coins), on passports and other official state documents issued since 1937?
Who are the only players in an ice hockey game allowed to be in the referee's crease?
What is referred to as earth's sister planet due to its similar size and mass?
What ore is the chief source of aluminium?
Who has been under house arrest for 15 of the past 21 years, and was released from the latest sentence on 13 November 2010?
What was the name of the US policy to transport suspect terrorists to other countries for interrogation?
"""Alba"" is the Gaelic name for what?"
When was the current theme for the BBC television programme Top Gear first released on an album?
Which state in North America has the oldest known currently living tree, age confirmed, in the world?
How did US president William McKinley die in 1901?
The legendary Hercules was said to have what quality?
In 2005, Dan Wheldon became the first British competitor to win what event in over 30 years?
It was inspired by an Ingmar Bergman film, has had Glynis Johns, Judi Dench and Catherine Zeta-Jones as leading actress, all of whom have won major awards in the role, and has contributed a haunting and enduring song to the popular canon. Which is it?
What was the scene of the final defeat of the Jacobites under Charles Edward by forces under the command of the Duke of Cumberland on 16 April 1746?
Oil from oil wells was first used for what?
"Who was known as ""The Waltz King""?"
What is the name for a hare's nest?
Who hosted the 2006 Academy Awards ceremony?
"Who played Vyvyan, a psychotic punk metal medical student with orange-dyed & spiked hair and four metal stars embedded in his forehead, in the UK TV series ""The Young Ones""?"
"The song ""I Could Be So Good For You"" was from which British TV series?"
What post was held by Winston Churchill during the 1926 General Strike in the UK?
"Who had a hit record in 1990 with ""U Can't Touch This""?"
To what office in the USA was Henry Kissinger appointed in 1973?
"According to a 2009 adventure family film starring Ashley Tisdale, Carter Jenkins, Robert Hoffman, Henri Young, Regan Young and Austin Butler, ""The aliens are"" where?"
Where, in 2011 and since, is a major gathering place in Egypt for expressing protest?
What does a querulous person do?
"The phrase ""Stokes drift"" might be used in a discussion about what subject?"
Irish-born Colonel Thomas Blood is best known for what activity in 1671?
On the buttons of a VCR or DVD player, what does the sign in the shape of a square mean?
By what name is James Osterberg popularly known?
With what is FIFA usually associated?
What links the US, 2 May 2011 and Abottabad in Pakistan?
Michael Phelps who during the Summer Olympics 2012 brought his swimming medal total to a record 18 golds represents which country?
What substance, best known as a poison, was used in small doses in medications as a stimulant, as a laxative, and for enhancing performance in sports?
Which mythological lumberjack, usually believed to be a giant, was first documented in the work of US journalist James MacGillivray in 1910?
Which artist has a daughter and two sons with Jane Asher, whom he married in 1981?
What is the surname of sisters and singers Dannii and Kylie?
James Esdaile, John Elliotson, Jean-Martin Charcot, Hippolyte Bernheim, Pierre Janet, mile Cou, Morton Prince, Clark L. Hull, Andrew Salter, Theodore R. Sarbin, Ernest Hilgard, Martin Theodore Orne, and Nicholas Spanos are associated with what?
Actress Brooke Shields was married to whom for 2 years from April 1997?
What is the name of Tony and Cherie Blair's daughter?
The girth goes on which part of the horse?
Which country shares a 530 km border with Saudi Arabia on the west, south, and southeast, a 450 km border with Oman on the southeast and northeast, and a smaller border with Qatar in the northwest?
The lead singer of which band is known as Suggs?
In June 2010, 8 highly endangered monkeys (4 cottontop tamarins and 4 pygmy marmosets) were stolen from the Symbio Wildlife Park in which country?
One of the longest ruling monarchs of the 20th century and a massive and dangerous volcano in the USA share which name?
What term is used for the actress that has the main part in a film or play?
Dishes prepared with spinach can be referred to as what?
What island would you come to first if you travelled due east from Bangladesh?
After the murder of his children's nanny, Sandra Rivett, Richard John Bingham disappeared on 8 November 1974, was presumed deceased on 11 December 1992 and declared legally dead in October 1999. By what name is he better known?
"In what country, between the 1950s and 1980, would one have found ""Rusticated Youth""?"
Who is the only US President who did not speak English as his first language?
In which sport is it forbidden for anyone to play left handed?
In WTF taekwondo competitions points are scored for a kick to the head or body, a turning kick to the head, and what else?
"What does the word ""fine"" mean on sheet music?"
What country changed its name to Burkina Faso?
What is the opposite side from starboard on a ship?
"John Wayne appeared as a centurion in the film ""The Greatest Story Ever Told"" (1965). What was his famous line?"
The Gunpowder Plot, by discontented Catholics including Guy Fawkes and Robert Catesby, was to blow up the British parliament as it was being opened by whom?
The islands called the Moluccas were previously known as what?
"Who ""was born in a cross-fire hurricane"" and ""howled at my ma in the driving rain""?"
A nectarine is a shiny-skinned variety of what?
What is unusual about tennis professional Mianne Bagger?
"What kind of ship was the Japanese ""Hsh"", commissioned on 27 December 1922, the first purpose-designed ship of its kind to be commissioned anywhere in the world?"
When Sir Alex Ferguson retired in May 2013 after 26 years as manager for Manchester United Football Club who succeeded him ?
What is the name for a natural satellite that orbits a planet?
What system of psychology, popularised by F J Gall and J K Spurzheim in the 19th century, claims that mental faculties and dispositions can be determined by the shape of the skull?
What is the name of a calculating machine that originally consisted of beans or stones moved in grooves in sand or on tablets of wood, stone, or metal?
"Which American country singer, the younger sister of singer Loretta Lynn, had 18 #1 country hits during the 1970s and 1980s, and is best known for a series of country-pop crossover hits including ""Don't It Make My Brown Eyes Blue""?"
When was curling first played as a Winter Olympic sport?
If a chess player completes a move known as en passant, what pieces are involved?
Where is the Australian parliament based?
"What English model, with her short-haired androgynous look, born Lesley Hornby, was discovered in 1966 by Nigel Davies when she was 16 and weighed 6 stone (41 kg, 91 lbs), and became ""The Face of '66"" with her high fashion mod look created by Mary Quant?"
Which British TV comedy series of the 1970s and early 1980s (74 episodes) was co-created and co-written by and co-starred Tim Brooke-Taylor, Graeme Garden and Bill Oddie?
What kind of bird is a guillemot?
What relationship does T S Eliot have to toilets?
"Hair described as ""bouffant"" is what?"
What information technology company was founded by Sergey Brin and Larry Page?
Muslin and chenille are two what?
Whose alter ego is Sasha Fierce?
Where is the Arafura Sea?
"In 1858 Rowland Macy established a new store named ""R. H. Macy & Company"", where it stayed on the same site for nearly forty years, in which city?"
The 2010 Six Nations Championship, the 11th series of an annual rugby union competition contested by the six major Northern Hemisphere rugby union national teams, was won by France. Which nation won it in 2009 and came second in 2010 and 2011?
The elfstedentocht, or 11 cities tour on ice, is held in Friesland in the north of the Netherlands at irregular gaps, though never more than once a year, and is anticipated by amateur and professional skaters alike. What determines when it is held?
On 7 January 2006, Elliot John Crosby became the youngest bowler in Britain to achieve what in a sanctioned ten-pin bowling competition?
What is an alternative name for members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints?
"How does the film ""Lawrence of Arabia"" begin?"
What is a mosquito-borne virus, also known as breakbone fever, that is an acute febrile disease which occurs widely in the tropics, in Asia, South America, Australia and the Pacific and is now endemic in more than 100 countries?
Which Spaniard, from 1518, overcame Montezuma, captured Mexico City and became Governor-General of much of Mexico?
In the northern hemisphere, what season begins in one calendar year and ends in the next?
Until the introduction of the euro, on 1 January 2002, which country had the schilling as its basic currency unit?
Which cricketer captained England to a record 54 test matches in 2001?
What is a Jacob's Ladder?
In Cairo 30 June 2012, Mohamed Morsi assumed the office of President of Egypt. What was particluarly noteworthy about his taking the office?
Christmas Island is administered by which country?
Which Christian festival is celebrated on 6 January, the 12th day after Christmas, to commemorate the coming of the Magi?
Lake Neuchatel is in which country?
Where is The Bridge of Sighs?
Music in Australia could be found for thousands of years at a what?
Which fashionable London thoroughfare, about three quarters of a mile (1.2 km) long, runs from Hyde Park Corner to Marble Arch, along the length of the eastern side of Hyde Park?
What is a commmon name for the United Nations peacekeeping forces?
A holiday on 25 March in Greece celebrates the final recognition of Greece as an independent nation following the Greek War of Independence against the Ottoman Empire. What year did this happen?
How many odd numbers are there between 12 and 42?
What type of animal was Nikica, who made the international news in January 2010 when it escaped from a zoo and went to the Plavnica motel in Montenegro?
What was the last time that a British King led his troops into battle?
Sir Basil Spence is associated with what activity?
Who first identified and isolated nucleic acids, the precursor to identifying DNA?
Who is the next in this series: John L. Sullivan, James J. Corbett, Bob Fitzsimmons, James J. Jeffries, Marvin Hart, ... ?
A second referendum is due to be held for which commonwealth to decide whether, among other options, to become the 51st state of the USA?
How did singers Kelly Clarkson, Ruben Studdard, Fantasia Barrino and Carrie Underwood come to international attention?
In June 2009 American neuroscientist Dr Gary Arendash claimed to have evidence that drinking a few cups of coffee a day could prevent or reverse the effects of what?
The San Andreas fault extends through California in three segments from Salton Lake in the south to where in the north?
What was the name of the operation whereby 1,373 U.S. citizens and 5,595 Vietnamese and foreign nationals were evacuated from the South Vietnamese capital of Saigon on 29 and 30 April 1975?
"Who was ""the maid of Orleans""?"
The world's first publicly subscribed passenger railway, the Stockton and Darlington, opened in England with steam engines when?
"The words ""Polyalphaolefins"", ""dibasic acide esters"", ""dibasic acide diesters"", and ""polyol esters-based"" and ""diester-based"" are used in connection with the development of what?"
When was Uluru (Ayers Rock) in the Northern Territory of Australia declared a World Heritage Site?
Which Soviet leader was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1990?
Where is the European Court of Human Rights?
Bill Clinton is fairly fluent in which language other than English?
Of those currently independent, which country was the first to give (and not subsequently revoke) full voting rights country-wide to women?
"Which car company, in 1986, comissioned ""Cars"", a series of artworks to track the evolution of its designs, from Andy Warhol?"
What country in North Africa, bordered by Tunisia, Libya, Niger, Mali, Mauritania, Western Sahara, Morocco and the Mediterranean Sea, is the largest country on the Mediterranean, and the second largest on the African continent and in the Arab world?
"What is the ""proper name"" for the main character in a series of novels by John Updike, who is nicknamed ""Rabbit""?"
In January 2013 Novak Djokovi and Victoria Azarenka won the respective men's and women's titles in which Championship?
In 1993, Eritrea became independent from which country?
How long does it take to travel 10 km at 60 kilometres per hour?
The UK TV series, All Ceatures Great and Small, concerned what area of activity?
Iodine is added to table salt to prevent what?
Where is 0 degrees latitude and 0 degrees longtitude?
Andy Schleck competes in what sport at an international level?
On which coast of South America would you find the country of Venezuela?
What is the generic title of a series of French comic strips that were written originally by Ren Goscinny and illustrated by Albert Uderzo?
How does the game of Upwords differ from Scrabble?
Which 1944 musical film, directed by Vincente Minnelli, starred Judy Garland, Mary Astor, Leon Ames, Marjorie Main and Margaret O'Brien who were going to the Louisianna Purchase Exposition of 1904?
Ornette Coleman, Louis Armstrong and Charles Mingus are associated with what style of music?
Why was the 1974 revolution in Portugal called the Carnation Revolution?
Which semi-aquatic carnivorous mammal of the weasel family has only two living species: the American and the European?
"What year did Jean-Francois Champollion publish the first correct translation of Egyptian hieroglyphs from the Rosetta Stone, the Roman Catholic Church take Galileo Galilei's ""Dialogue"" off their list of banned books, and Britain repeal the death penalty for over 100 crimes?"
Who was the first woman to fly solo from England to Australia?
In the USA in 1912, Theodore Roosevelt formed the Progressive Party when he lost the Republican nomination to William Howard Taft. What was the party also known as?
What cereal crop is used to make single malt whisky in Scotland?
The region of Catalonia is part of which country?
Between 1987 and 2006, Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara, Commodore Frank Bainimarama, Mahendra Chaudhry, Laisenia Qarase, Lieutenant Colonel Sitiveni Rabuka, George Speight and Ratu Josefa Iloilo were involved in the politics of which country?
Schooner, midi, or handle are terms applied to what?
What is the ninth month of the Muslim year, a period of fasting during which there is strict abstinence during daylight from food, drink and perfume?
"Who (although he claims that the author was an entity named Aiwass, his personal Holy Guardian Angel or ""Higher Self"") is credited with writing ""Liber AL vel Legis"", the central sacred text of Thelema, commonly referred to as The Book of the Law, in 1904?"
He established inductive methodologies for scientific inquiry, and is thought to have died from pneumonia contracted while studying the effects of freezing on preserving meat. Who was he?
"Mukhtar Al-Bakri, Sahim Alwan, Faysal Galab, Shafal Mosed, Yaseinn Taher and Yahya Goba were collectively known as the ""Lackawanna Six"" and by what other name?"
"Literally, what old French word translates approximately as ""white food""?"
"""Cassata Siciliana"" is a type of what?"
Who was the only Prime Minister of Great Britain born outside the British Isles?
What was the Olympics venue announced by Jacques Rogge as his last before he resigned as President of the IOC?
What is a legislative or executive act by which a state restores those who may have been guilty of an offence against it to the positions of innocent people?
Quadrille, a popular card game in the 18th century, is for four players with a deck of how many?
On the buttons of a VCR or DVD player, what does the sign in the shape of a double right pointing arrow mean?
Which monastic order, founded in 529 AD, was based at a monastery at Monte Cassino, Italy, until it was sacked in 580, when the monks fled to Rome and then spread throughout Europe?
Kelly Slater is an American professional sportsman in what field?
What is the name for the process by which heat is transferred by the motion of a fluid?
"Up to 1974, the title of ""Negus"" was used for the traditional rulers of what country?"
Thomas Lanier Williams III, American playwright, became better known under what name?
What is the painful and incurable, so far, condition characterised by uterine cells growing outside the uterus?
"Who was the subject of the 2007 film ""La Vie En Rose""?"
Who, in the years prior to World War II, conceived and oversaw the development of an integrated air defence system for England which included radar, human observers, raid plotting and radio control of aircraft?
Areas on the Canadian eastern coast share their name with two breeds of dog, Newfoundland and which other?
Where are New Zealand's parliament buildings?
General Franco, the Spanish military general, was head of state of Spain from October 1936 following the Spanish Civil War, until when?
Established in New York in 1999, what is the High Line?
How does one tell a potentially winning cob or conker?
Which Chinese dynasty ruled from the 14th to the 17th century?
The composer Frdric Chopin had a decade-long affair with which French author?
The Sinai Peninsula is part of which country?
"Who played the lead roles of Ray Tango and Gabriel Cash in ""Tango & Cash"", a 1989 American action/comedy film directed by Andrei Konchalovsky and Albert Magnoli?"
What chromosomes do the two main human sexes have?
What is the last Grand Slam tennis tournament played in a calendar year?
"What relation was Marlin to Nemo in the film ""Finding Nemo""?"
What is a more formal name for ear wax?
The Australian Tennis Open is played in what city?
Saint Therese is associated with which town?
The game Ticket to Ride involves what kind of transport?
The Mekong River rises in the Tibetan plateau and runs through or between six countries - China, Burma, Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam and which other?
Where are St. Peter's Basilica and the Sistine Chapel?
What was the name of the Roman road that stretched from Dover, Kent, almost to Shrewsbury, Shropshire, a distance of 322 km (200 miles)?
"Who was the hero in the ""Die Hard"" series of films?"
Which red dwarf star, approximately 4.2 light-years distant in the constellation of Centaurus is the nearest star to the Sun?
In the 2012 Olympics, the gold medallist in the women's shotput was later deprived of her medal, making world champion Valerie Adams, New Zealand, the gold medallist instead. Why?
What does a linguist study?
"What were the last words of Romeo in Shakespeare's ""Romeo and Juliet""?"
"In the sentence ""Wherever he went, he carried the scratching cat, his eyes red."", what part of speech is ""his eyes red""?"
What object was unveiled outside John Lennon Airport, Liverpool, in 2005?
What animal other than a cat is an integral part of the musical Cats?
The 2009 season of the Indian Premier League, a Twenty20 cricket competition initiated by the Board of Control for Cricket in India, was held where?
When did the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, the bill of rights entrenched in Canadian law as part of the Constitution Act, come into force?
In 2008 government in Bhutan was changed from an absolute monarchy to what?
He was the fourth of 6 children and the oldest surviving, was a choir singer, a painter, a writer, an admirer of Martin Luther, a decorated soldier and a politician. Who was he?
What, according to Greek legend, was built at Cnossos, Crete, by Daedalus?
What kind of sport is French Ring Sport?
Who was the first Englishman to lead an expedition to circumnavigate the earth by sea, and died of dysentery in the West Indies 16 years later?
What is the name for a rotating rod with oblong lobes sticking out of it, that is fitted in a car's engine block?
What was the maiden name of Billie Jean King before she married Lawrence King in Long Beach, California on 17 September 1965?
There is a legend that blues musician Robert Johnson sold his soul to the devil in exchange for mastery of the guitar. There is a similar story about which 19th century violin virtuoso?
What is a name for the abstract study of topics such as quantity, structure, space, and change?
Which of the actors who portrayed Dr Who, famous from the UK TV series of the same name, appeared almost exclusively on radio, film, written works, and comic strips?
When were the first Winter Paralympics held?
"Which US president was behind ""The Indian Removal Act"" of 1830, which paved the way for the reluctant and often forcible emigration of tens of thousands of American Indians to the West?"
Travelling up the St Lawrence River from its mouth, which is the first major city on its shores?
If you travel due south from Detroit, Michigan, what is the first country you reach?
Who was expelled from the Surrealist movement due to his views on the Spanish Civil War?
When is the original version of the statue Mannekin Pis thought to have been built?
Where is the ancient game of senet traditionally played?
Who was Queen of France as the wife of Henry II (who reigned for 15 years from 1547) and remained the dominant person in France after his death during the reign of 3 of her 4 sons until 1589?
What country, after having governed it for 155 years, transferred its sovereignty of Hong Kong to China in 1997?
When the 1992 Maastricht Treaty established the European Union and led to a common currency in Europe, what was the currency called?
When did the Goa'uld first appear in the US/Canada TV series Stargate SG-1?
Who scored the most goals in the 2012/13 English Premier League season?
The 1976 Summer Olympics were boycotted by a number of African nations, for what reason?
What would be most useful in playing a game of backgammon?
Who, in 1960, made international news for banging his shoe on a table in the UN?
"Which German was deprived of his nationality in 1938 mainly for writing ""All Quiet On The Western Front"" and ""The Road Back""?"
Marie Grosholtz was under threat of execution by guillotine in the 18th century but was reprieved out of respect for her teacher, and her skills, in the art of what?
What links US TV films about a teen with muscular dystrophy in a state nursing home, and about a Canadian super-gun designer involved with Project Babylon, with a US TV series adapted from a UK work by Michael Dobbs?
In October 2003, which cricketer, playing in a Test series against Zimbabwe, scored a record 380 not out?
Dancer and actress Josie Marcus was the third wife of whom?
"When did ""addiction"" first enter the English language?"
What was invented in the 1940s by Percy Spencer, an American self-taught engineer from Howland, Maine, who was building magnetrons for radar sets?
The name of the city of Firenze in Italy is usually anglicised to what?
The oldest still operating national parliament in Europe governs which country?
"Who was King of England when Daniel Defoe published ""Robinson Crusoe"" and Jonathan Swift published ""Gulliver's Travels""?"
"""The lady doth protest too much"" is a comment on whom?"
"What is the first line of ""Walk on the Wild Side"" by Lou Reed, released as a single in 1972?"
"Under what name are the participants in the UK TV series ""QI"" currently known?"
According to Greek legend, who was the muse of Music?
What is a Pyrrhic victory?
The London production of which play by acclaimed Australian playwright, David Williamson, won him the George Devine Award, the first time for a non-UK writer?
The tiny Socotra archipelago, inhabited since the early stone age and once an integral part of trade networks in the area, lies where?
What is not usually a phrase for which the acronym PDF is used?
Cable News Network (CNN), the first channel to provide 24-hour television news coverage, was founded by Ted Turner in what year?
In 2009 Artem Silchenko was first in the Red Bull World Series held at Antalya, Turkey & Sisikon, Switzerland in which sport?
The Himalayas and Tien Shan, or Tian Shan, lie north and south of which other major mountain range?
What is the name of the scientific discipline that deals with the measurement and representation of the Earth, including its gravitational field, in a three-dimensional time-varying space?
Which college was founded by Henry VI in 1440?
In the USA, the Tav HaYosher is a certification mark offered to establishments that do what?
In the books by A A Milne, what was Eeyore?
What complex of artificial biological environments near St Blazey and St Austell in Cornwall was opened to the public in 2001?
"Judi Dench won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actressfor playing which character in the 1998 film ""Shakespeare in Love""?"
When did the US TV series, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, begin its six years of seasons?
Which pigment is named after an Italian city?
What shape is the chevron found in heraldry and some insignia?
"Who released the albums ""Sentimental Journey"", ""Goodnight Vienna"", ""Bad Boy"", ""Old Wave"" and ""Vertical Man"" between 1970 and 1999?"
"What genre is the TV series ""Taggart""?"
Where would you find the metatarsal bone?
Who is the current, in 2014, President of the IOC?
Apart from the platypus what are the only living examples of egg-laying mammals?
The island of Honsh is part of which country?
What is in a human's thoracic cavity?
"In 2011 the Classic Brit Awards named who as ""Artist of the Decade""?"
Which figure from Scottish history was played by Mel Gibson in a 1995 film?
The Malagasy people form the main ethnic group of which country?
The December 21, 1988, Pan Am Flight 103 en route from London to New York and at the time over Lockerbie, Scotland, is recorded as having been blown up by whom?
Which English civil engineer's most famous project was the construction of Tower Bridge over the River Thames in London?
What is kept in the sump of a motor car engine?
Gordon Ramsay opened a restaurant in 2001 in which London hotel?
How many military conflicts have been generally given the name of World War?
Which US river ends up at the Chesapeake Bay?
What is someone allergic to if they have coeliac disease?
Which city is generally accepted as the birthplace of Grunge, a subgenre of alternative rock that emerged during the mid-1980s?
What is an alternative name for Whit Sunday the time when, according to Christian tradition, the Holy Spirit descended on the Apostles?
Yelena Isinbayeva broke her first World record in 2003 and continued to break records until 2009 in what sport?
When the Dutch explorer Abel Tasman discovered what is now known as Tasmania, Australia, in his 1642 voyage what did he name it?
In what field was the 15th century Flemish Jan van Eyck famous?
Bob Hoskins, an English actor awarded and acclaimed for roles in TV and film ranging from gangsters to playing opposite a cartoon, died in April 2014 at 71; he also, at the age of over 60, played something very close to a romantic interest in which film?
The ship Andrea Gail features in which 1997 book and 2000 film?
What was the height achieved at the 2012 Olympic Games, an Olympic record, by Reynaud Lavillennie to win the men's pole vault?
The writer Tolstoy fundraised for, and donated the proceeds from some of his writing towards, helping the practitioners of what religious movement?
Which drug, used as a stimulant in heart failure, can cause convulsions and paralysis if overdosed?
What do Spencer Tracy, Fredric March, Gary Cooper, Marlon Brando, Dustin Hoffman, Tom Hanks, Jack Nicholson, Daniel Day-Lewis and Sean Penn have in common?
"What is the birth name of Kim Wilde, the daughter of 1950s UK rock 'n' roller Marty Wilde, whose debut single ""Kids in America"" (1981) reached #2 in the UK Singles Chart?"
Who was an R&B; musician from Houston, Texas, raised mostly in Los Angeles, California, who, in addition to his successful Grammy Award-winning career as a solo artist, collaborated with many musicians including The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, The Band, Little Richard, Ray Charles, Eric Clapton, Bob Dylan and Johnny Cash?
In 1815 a fund was set up for 'securing provisions to widows, sisters and other females, which now includes a bank, life assurance, income and critical illness insurance, annuities fund and more; what name is it known under?
"Which author famously upset her publisher by beginning a book with ""I am quite tired of making goody goody books about nice people""?"
Harvey Littleton, Dominick Labino, Dale Chihuly, Dante Marioni, Fritz Driesbach and Marvin Lipofsky are associated with producing art from what material?
Which 19th century American poet wrote over 1,000 poems which were published between 1890 and 1945, after her death?
What was the function of the Cloaca Maxima in ancient Rome?
On 16 January 1991 all major TV networks in the USA were pre-empted directly after the evening news broadcast to allow for what?
What part of the body produces insulin?
Where are the Islay malt whisky distilleries?
One of the largest countries in Africa derived its food wealth for thousands of years from the regular flooding of which river?
The king of what country became Iceland's ruler by treaty in 1262?
Where does the Yellow River have its source?
What phrase describes the runner, driver or rider in the lead of a race?
"In 1976 or 1977, John Carpenter and Debra Hill began drafting a story titled ""The Babysitter Murders"", which eventually became what film?"
The 25th screen version of which novel was released in 2012?
A mill in Woodbridge, Suffolk, England, built in the 12th century, reconstructed in 1792, further restored in 2010 and currently in full working order is a early English example of a mill powered by what?
"""Wuthering Heights"" by Emily Bront tells the story of which two lovers?"
What name is given to the declaration of aims and policies of a political party before an election?
Who invented the biro pen?
Eugne Arnold Dolmetsch (1858-1940) is seen as largely responsible for promoting what for use in schools?
"Known in the USA as ""The March King"" he made his first recordings with Columbia Phonograph Company in 1890; what was his name?"
What is the commercial capital of India?
"In which "" Star Wars"" episode does Anakin Skywalker transform into the black-suited Darth Vader?"
To prove his theories of the diaspora of South American peoples, who sailed in a balsa raft called Kon Tiki across the Pacific Ocean in 1947?
"Complete the title of this James Bond film: ""From Russia With ... """
Who was crowned MotoGP World Champion after he finished third in the Malaysian Grand Prix on 10 October 2010?
What would you expect if you asked for Focaccia in an Italian restaurant?
What country lies to north of the Republic of Chad?
The waters of the Gulf of Mexico flow to meet the Atlantic Ocean through what?
"Which police station is at the centre of the long-running UK TV series ""The Bill""?"
A tropical plant that grows several feet high, with a large fleshy root that contains an acrid milk juice, poisonous in its natural form, produces from the juice, extracted under pressure and purified, a staple foodstuff called what?
Which TV detective lived in a static caravan?
What shape are honeycomb cells?
"After stints backing Little Richard and the Isley Brothers, who was discovered leading ""Jimmy James and the Blue Flames"" at the Caf Wha? in New York and taken to London on 26 September 1966 to make hit records?"
Which Earl of Essex, after being sent to Ireland as Governor-General in 1599, being briefly imprisoned and leading a rebellion against Queen Eliabeth I, was executed in 1601?
What novel was published by Bob Dylan in 1971?
Part of a great lake many millions of years ago, re-formed by seismic activity, and functioning as a cradle of human activity for at least 1.9 m years, Oldupai Gorge in the Tanzanian part of the Great Rift is named after what?
What is found in a thesaurus?
Dragon boat racing, as part of a complex of ceremonies, is thought to have originated where?
What is the name of a device, consisting essentially of two wires of different metals, whereby heat energy may be changed to electrical energy?
During the 1924 Olympic Games relations between the teams representing Italy and France in fencing boiled over into a duel between two of their ancillary personnel, over what?
"Which Bob Dylan song begins ""You got a lotta nerveTo say you are my friend. When I was down, You just stood there grinning""?"
If two lemons are added to two apples what, in mathematical terms, is the result?
"In Australia, what is known as a ""Laughing Jackass""?"
"Which British singer, born Sandra Ann Goodrich, was known as ""the barefoot pop princess of the 1960s""?"
In Central and South America it is possible to find several rivers named Colorado, in Costa Rica, Brazil, Bolivia, Chile, and Argentina; where is the source of the Colorado River in Argentina?
What is the official language of the People's Republic of Bangladesh?
What word is traditionally applied to clothes and linen collected by a woman before her marriage?
What was the name of the 1976 film that told the story of Woody Guthrie?
"Which is the Muppet character who appeared in ""The Muppet Show"" from the third season and in a number of Muppet films, who throws fish which return to him and plays a fish organ (a line of fish that, when squeezed, each gargle a different note)?"
"The name of which animal means ""man of the forest""?"
This 1993 film won Oscars, Bafta and Golden Globe Awards despite its sometimes harrowing portrayal of hardships and stress, including the butchering of its heroine's hand; which film was it?
Which two countries have dominated the gold medals in the Bandy World Championship since it was established in Finland in 1957?
"Which singer/songwriter, who began releasing hit singles in 1958, has had 3 albums (""The Definitive Collection"", ""Waking Up Is Hard to Do"" & ""The Music of My Life"") on Billboard's Top 200 Albums chart between 2007 & 2010?"
Where would dimples always be found in a game of golf?
According to a short story by Washington Irving (1819), who escaped his nagging wife by wandering into New York's Catskill Mountains, fell asleep, and returned to his village, where he found that 20 years had passed?
The online computer game Build With Chrome combines Lego and what?
The Indus River flows the length of Pakistan and is Pakistan's main source of water for industry and drinking; where does it rise?
"How many legs does a millipede (""thousand-foot"") have?"
"One of Australia's oldest and most important industrial disputes and the subject of Henry Lawson's poem ""Freedom on the Wallaby"", in 1891 brought central Queensland to the brink of civil war. What group of people was involved?"
When did Maori arrive in New Zealand?
Who was the first person to be officially designated Prime Minister in Britain?
Estonia, New Zealand, Italy and Austria share what?
A clapperboard is used in which industry?
The 2013-4 MacRobertson Shield international competition, hosted in New Zealand, was in what sport?
The main international cricket competitions are Test matches, ODI, and which other?
In the culinary world, what word is used for the edible offal of a fowl, typically including the heart, gizzard and liver?
Redfoo and Sky Blu were members of which electronic rock band?
What is the name of a book where photographs or stamps are kept?
What was the 1908 Tunguska Event?
The third part of trilogy of Hobbit movies, released at the end of 2014, is called what?
Nankey Poo, Poo Bah and Pish Tush are characters in which show?
The cocktail called a Tom Collins consists of lemon or lime juice, sugar, soda water and what else?
Who rose from Prime Minister (19221924) to President (19251928), and on 1 September 1928 was crowned King and declared Field Marshal of the Royal Army, proclaiming a constitutional monarchy?
When did blind black singer/composers Stevie Wonder and Ray Charles lose their sight?
Championship dragon boat racing calls for a specialised long boat, a team of paddlers (typically 20), a sweeper to steer and which other of these?
Bjrn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson wrote most of the songs for which pop group?
"Where would you expect to find ""dudeln""?"
Marat, Robespierre, Danton are names associated with what event at the end of the 18th century?
What is the name of the hand signalling system used by bookmakers to convey horses' odds?
What is next in the sequence: Lima, Quito, Bogota...?
The winner of the Academy Award for Best Foreign Film 1987, Babette's Feast, was set in, and filmed by, what country?
What colour cat is a Russian Blue?
Omar Sharif played the title character in the 1965 film of what 1957 novel by the Russian writer Boris Pasternak?
What profession was Jean-Paul Marat, noted for his involvement in the French Revolution at the end of the 18th century?
Where are the Huron Falls?
"The US TV series ""Mad Men"" centres around what industry or profession?"
"What is the meaning of the word ""furrow""?"
"Which is the preposition in the sentence ""Mary put her dog in the basket""?"
As at early 2015, how many Prime Ministers have served in Australia since 2013?
Cayenne, after which the spicy condiment is named, is a city in which country?
Quitline is a system of centres to help people to quit what?
The Bering Sea is named after what or whom?
In Scotland, porridge is traditionally made with what?
Who was the 11th and 12th century ruler of Georgia, celebrated by Georgians as their most successful, leading them out from Turkish domination, reuniting the country, and subsequently being canonised by the Georgian Orthodox Church?
"What is the reference in the title of the film ""Mr. Pip"" (2012)?"
What dish has romaine lettuce and croutons dressed with parmesan cheese, lemon juice, olive oil, egg, Worcestershire sauce, and black pepper?
Yingluck Shinawatra, the last democratically elected Prime Minister of Thailand (in 2011), is nearly related to Thaksin Shinawatra, the first democratically elected leader under Thailand's 1997 constitution; what relation are they?
Who was the first person from the USA to win the Nobel prize for literature?
The Salt Flat of Uyuni, the world's largest salt flat, is in which country?
"Joss Whedon's 2002 US TV series ""Firefly"" won a 2003 Primetime Emmy Award for what?"
A dress worn at President John F Kennedy's birthday party at Madison Square Garden on 19 May 1962 was sold at auction in 1999 for $1.26 million. Who wore it at the party?
Where is the homeland of Queen Boudica (also Boudicca or Boadicea), who led a revolt against the Romans in England in the first century CE?
"Who said it ""Don't Matter"" in 2007?"
"How many films were made by director Sir Peter Jackson from Tolkien's short book, ""The Hobbit""?"
Who during the period from 760-814 CE laid the foundations for the French and German nation states?
In 1938 Orson Welles, who was 22 at the time, wrote, produced, and narrated a radio play adaptation of what work, the US broadcast of which sparked widespread upheaval and panic?
Since the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) World Tour Masters 1000 was introduced in 1990 until 2015, which former world number 1 holds the record for the most titles, with 27?
What is the only book written by Emily Bronte?
In 1991 Magic Johnson stunned the sporting world in the USA by what?
What was Sweeney Todd's occupation in Stephen Sondheim's work?
"What does the US television series ""Elementary"" centre on?"
What is a connection between Phillip Hughes (1988-2014), Australian cricketer, and Roy McBridie, (1915 1960), New Zealand cricketer?
What fruit gets its name from its similarity to the locally native word for testicle?
Where would a dewclaw usually be found?
Neil Oliver provides archaeological and social history knowledge for, and fronts, programmes for UK TV in Britain, continental Europe and Australia, called what?
The first synthetic organic chemical dye, mauveine, was discovered in 1856 as a byproduct of the search for the synthetic form of what?
The international multi-million dollar prizes set up in 2012 to recognise important recent achievements by scientists in (by 2015) Mathematics, Life Sciences, Fundamental Physics are known as what?
Which Irish Republican, an Irish volunteer of the Provisional Irish Republican Army, was elected to the UK Parliament while leading the 1981 hunger strike to protest against the removal of Special Category Status?
The actor John Wayne was known by what nickname?
What NZ thoroughbred racehorse, foaled in 1925 by the brood mare Marsa and the sire of Phar Lap, was the first horse to win both the Melbourne Cup and Cox Plate in the same year?
When this trophy was first offered for award in the 1871-72 season of its sport, how many teams competed and what was the trophy?
What type of sausage is usually sold in a flat circular coil?
Ashton Carter, appointed USA Secretary of Defense in 2015, succeeded whom?
"BAFTA winning film ""The Theory of Everything"" is adapted from which book?"
Which novelist, born in Bombay in 1865, was awarded the Nobel prize for Literature in 1907?
Which is the style of music, characterised by staccato offbeat rhythms, and owing much to the influence of mento, jazz, ska and rhythm and blues?
What science does Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's creation, Sherlock Holmes, practise?
What is the only sequel to win an Academy Award for Best Picture?
Where is Petra, an archaeological site with rock-cut architecture and designated a World Heritage Site 1985, that was built by the Nabataeans as their capital city around 100 BC?
"Who wrote the sons ""I've Got You Under My Skin"" and ""I Get A Kick Out Of You""?"
What language did the playwright Henrik Ibsen write his plays in?
In sport, what is the next country in the sequence China, Sweden, USA, USA, China, Germany, Canada ...?
Which word would you choose in talking about the right in law to take necessaries, or necessary materials?
John F Kennedy suffered from chronic back complaints and what other medical problem?
What system was added in 1858 to boost communication via the transatlantic telegraph cable between the USA and the UK?
Why was the bougainvillea plant given that name?
First developed from 1531 onwards in Paris, what is Garamond?
Zirconium, hafnium and rutherfordium are elements in the same group in the periodic table of elements, and transition metals; what is the fourth member of this group?
The Council of Trent in the 16th century was held between believers of what religious faith?
FIFA (Fdration Internationale de Football Association) was rocked in 2015 by what?
"Under what name did Mrs. Middleton Murray publish works such as ""The Garden Party"", ""The Dove's Nest"" and ""Something Childish""?"
Who of these musicians was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2014?
The Formosan Black Bear is indigenous to where?
In the mid 1990s what major fossil discovery was made in Liaoning, China?
The 2014 Man Booker Prize, the first to be open to any full length novel written in the English language and not just to those from the UK Commonwealth, Republic of Ireland or Zimbabwe, was awarded in October to which writer?
"What dish derives from the Portuguese dish ""Carne de Vinha d' Alhos"" (pork preserved in red wine or red wine vinegar, chili pepper, and stewed with garlic) which was brought to Goa and evolved into the a dish of meat, usually lamb, with wine and garlic plentiful amounts of spice?"
What year did the cable television network ESPN made its debut broadcasting and producing sports-related programming 24 hours a day?
A high quality soft warm goat's wool was first made famous in the 14th century in what mountainous region, where the goats were farmed?
"The American film made at the very start of the sound film era, ""All Quiet on the Western Front"" (1930), on the grimness of warfare in WWI was banned in Germany (after a brief run in 1930) not unexpectedly, but also where?"
Where did the space probe New Horizons launched by NASA in 2006 aim to investigate?
"Who published an autobiography entitled ""A Journey"" on 1 September 2010?"
British artist Sir James Thornhill (1675-1734), history painter and sergeant painter to George I and George II, was related by marriage to which other artist?
The largest ice fields in the southern hemisphere outside Antarctica are located where?
What are marram, fescue, and rye?
John Forsythe was a regular in which TV series, but was never seen?
"Which Glasgow group signed to Creation Records and recorded their debut single, ""All Fall Down"", in 1985?"
On 30 September 1399, Henry Bolingbroke, Duke of Lancaster, became better known as whom?
What links do Bollywood, Hollywood and Lollywood have?
What was the first name of the fictional character Gulliver, which was created by Jonathan Swift?
"Which British composer wrote ""The Dam Busters March""?"
In 1483, who was appointed the first grand inquisitor of the Spanish Inquisition?
Who was the youngest person to become president of the USA?
Pistol and Boo, who became internationally famous in 2015, were what?
Where is the submarine Agulhas Plateau?
"His achievements as king led to his being dubbed ""the Great""; who was he and where did he rule?"
"""Meditations on Song of Songs"", 1567, is the work of which Spanish author?"
"The song ""Sit down, you're rockin' the boat"" is from which musical?"
"Ravel's ""Bolero"", pop music riffs and (often) suspense music in film soundtracks are examples of what?"
"Damon Runyon's two stories ""The Idyll of Miss Sarah Brown"" and ""Blood Pressure"" were the basis for which musical?"
Italian Dr Mattheo Thun, whose work can involve bottles and cutlery among other things is best described as what?
What does a phlebotomist usually deal with?
Who or what is nikkei?
What is a common feature of komodo dragons, aphids, and whiptail lizards?
James A Michener wrote the stories upon which musical was based?
What was the main character trait of the Dickens character Mr Micawber?
Where were the Devil's Dykes situated?
Where are the headquarters of the World Backgammon Association, founded in 2001?
Who, at the beginning of 2016, holds the record for most number of weeks in golfing's World Top 10?
What is the name of the bay on the shore of which Rio de Janeiro sits?
Who created the Book of Kells?
"In Ovid's poem ""Metamorphoses"" Pygmalion famously fell in love with Galatea; what was Pygmalion's relationship to her?"
"As well as writing ""Les Liaisons Dangereuses"", the torrid depiction of aristocratic sexual and social scheming to humiliate and degrade, for which other of these was the 18th century French novelist, soldier and diplomat Choderlos de Laclos responsible?"
What world championship, the fourth to date, was held in Germany in August 2015?
Who gave Harry Potter his first kiss?
A commercial power plant which opened in late 2015 in Albertville, Savoie, France uses what as a fuel?
Which country has as its national coat of arms a shield bearing a vicuna, a cinchona tree and a cornucopia spilling mineral wealth in the shape of coins?
A synonym for french kissing would be what?
"The book ""Dirty Sexy Politics"", released in 2010, was about whose US presidential campaign?"
"Which American ragtime and early jazz pianist, bandleader and composer who wrote ""Wolverine Blues"", ""Black Bottom Stomp"", and ""Buddy Bolden's Blues"" claimed, in self-promotional hyperbole, to have invented jazz outright in 1902?"
"Who, as part of his performance in the 2015 film ""Revenant"", was realistically eviscerated by a bear on screen?"
"The songs ""Don't Rain on My Parade"" and ""People"" are from which musical?"
"""The Godfather"" trilogy of films was centred around which family?"
How did Gus Grissom, Ed White and Roger B. Chaffee die in 1967?
In 2015 a particular concern over, and unique to, the Summer Olympics 2016 was...?
What is more likely to be associated with a sward?
What links Cartagena, Maracaibo and Barranquilla?
Which city is sited on the Absheron Peninsula which juts into the Caspian Sea?
"What is the place referred to in one of the Smithsonian TV series, ""The Nazi Temple of Doom""?"
The Italian cheese called dolcelatte translates into English as what?
In 1187 AD Jerusalem was captured, for the last time for over 40 years, by which forces?
Artemisinin and derivatives are drugs found to act especially well on which disease?
The amygdala deep within the temporal lobes of the brain has a primary role in what?
"Which 19th century Englishman went to New Zealand to be a sheep farmer, visited Canada, and wrote ""Erewhon"", ""A Psalm of Montreal"" and ""The Way of All Flesh""?"
One of the oldest known board games involves a grid of thirty squares and sets of pawns, figured in a 1999 video game, and is called what?
In 1966 what unexpected event occurred in Indian politics?
Which was the first year in which the football World Cup final was broadcast on television in colour?
Under which British monarch was Warren Hastings appointed first Governor of the Presidency of Fort William (Bengal) and the head of the Supreme Council of Bengal, effectively the first Governor-General of India?
The New Zealand government proposes to create a 620,000 sq km Ocean Sanctuary in 2016 round what island or islands?
Which English road in Anglo-Saxon times went from Axminster via Bath, Cirencester, Leicester and Newark to Lincoln?
Nimbus clouds have what characteristic?
After an earlier experiment by AOL's QuantumLink Serial what was the episodic online story (1995-7) which first included paid advertising banners and product placement?
Macao Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China has no arable land, pastures, forest, or woodland, and its economy is based largely on tourism with banking, gaming, financial services and what else?
In which country was Saddam Hussein President 1979-2003, being deposed and then hanged in 2006?
What does the Unix Time system do?
What cocktail is made with advocaat and lemonade?
Who was Chief Justice of the USA from 1969 to 1986, the longest serving of any other appointed in the 20th century, who delivered controversial decisions on abortion, capital punishment, religious establishment , and school desegregation?
What epitaph is on Frank Sinatra's tombstone?
An alembic in a chemist's or alchemist's laboratory is likely to be used to do what?
Which military powers fought the Punic Wars?
"Which late 19th century English illustrator was ""rediscovered"" due to an exhibition from 19 May to 19 September 1966 at the Victoria and Albert Museum, London, which introduced his work to a new generation and began a craze that lasted into the 1970s?"
Which three times Formula One champion was burnt in a crash in the 1976 F1 World Championship?
"""Andre 3000"" & ""Big Boi"" make up which hip hop duo?"
In 2005 what did Dame Ellen MacArthur's name became known for internationally?
"Why could a missing ""ha'porth of tar"", in the phrase ""to spoil the ship for a ha'porth of tar"", cause a problem?"
What is the largest (by population) landlocked country?
What is the 18th century Frenchman Antoine Louis known for?
When was the first road speed limit set in the UK for powered vehicles?
"The song ""Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend"" was famously performed by Marilyn Monroe in which 1953 film?"
Which dynasty, lasting from 907 to 1125 CE, ruled present-day Mongolia and portions of the Russian Far East, northern Korea, and northern China including all of Manchuria?
In which country is the La Quebrada cliff and the Acapulco Bay at its foot?
Electric Christmas tree lights were first used in what year?
What waltz by Johann Strauss II was named after a European river?
What notorious outlaw was shot in the back by the coward Robert Ford?
What nation did the United States declare war on - after the sinking of the USS Maine?
What writer was convicted of sodomy and sentenced to hard labor?
What Ford automobile came in any color you want - as long as it was black?
What dance craze was named after a city in South Carolina?
"What was the Scopes ""monkey trial"" really about?"
What Chinese tile game was popular in the U.S.?
Who disappeared over the Pacific in 1937?
In what French region would you find Omaha, Juno, and Gold beaches?
What would you find on Carmen Miranda's hat?
What was J. D. Salinger's most famous novel?
What general landed at Inchon?
Fill in the blank: Houston, Tranquility Base here. The _____ has landed
"What ""family"" killed actress Sharon Tate and others?"
What country became democratic after the death of Generalísimo Franco?
Followers of what cult leader committed mass suicide by drinking Flavor-Ade?
What country did the Reagan administration illegally sell arms to?
Who did Prince Andrew marry?
What country had a famine that killed over 400,000?
What pay-per view wrestling event was held for the first time in 1985?
Who was Bridget Jones's true love?
What was the last race track on Super Mario Kart?
Who was a busty model for Playboy and Guess before becoming a famous gold digger?
What brand of durable German sandals was popular among hippie types?
What company bought Time Warner in 2001 - the biggest merger in U.S. history?
What group was led by Mullah Mohammad Omar?
Who was confused about the difference between chicken and tuna?
What NHL hockey team was originally named after a Disney movie?
What 2007 movie earned Eddie Murphy the Golden Raspberry for Worst Actor, Worst Supporting Actor, and Worst Supporting Actress?
What type of animal was Bambi's friend Flower?
What singer is by far the most famous person from the island nation of Barbados?
Which part of the body can suffer from cirrhosis?
Who was the wife of Zeus and the mother of Ares?
What country has 11 official languages including Zulu, Xhosa, and English?
What city has the busiest airport system?
"Who wrote the story ""A Christmas Carol""?"
What building is located at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue?
"Who sang ""Achy Breaky Heart""?"
On which British holiday did the 2004 tsunami occur?
The syndrome when hostages develop positive feelings for their captors is named after what city?
"What purple berry from South America has been promoted as a ""superfood""?"
Grozny is the capital of what war-torn Russian republic?
What are the two major European cities that start with the letters Bel?
Who won the first ?
"What single word sounds like ""Youth in Asia""?"
Who is Darth Vader's son?
What is the tallest kind of tree?
Leonidas was the king of what city-state?
What city is considered the birthplace of jazz music?
What did Tikki Tikki Tembo fall into?
What fictional creatures eat 7 meals a day, including second breakfast and elevenses?
What is the only U.S. state that borders just one other?
"What Canadian province's name is Latin for ""New Scotland""?"
Who did Buster Douglas knock out in 1990?
"If you call a king ""Your Majesty"", what would you call an ambassador?"
"What has been described as the ""fifth"" taste, after sweet, sour, bitter, and salty?"
What Biblical character built a temple, had 700 wives, and suggested cutting a baby in half?
In what city would you find Copacabana beach?
What English city was originally built by the Romans as a spa in 60 A.D.?
Shingles is an adult form of what illness?
Trick question: what was Eleanor Roosevelt's maiden name?
Lucrezia, Cesare, and Rodrigo were part of what papal family?
"""Torchwood"" was a spin-off of what popular TV show?"
A hafiz is a person who has memorized what book?
What movie featured a talking candelabra named Lumière?
Where woud you find a nave or an apse?
What island chain includes the islands of Fuerteventura, Lanzarote, and La Palma?
"In what city were travelers first asked to ""mind the gap""?"
What age came after the Bronze Age?
In what city is Coney Island located?
What synthetic fiber is used in most bulletproof vests?
What is the capital of Washington state?
What was the last name of brothers Chico, Harpo, Groucho, Zeppo, and Gummo?
In what modern-day country would you find Machu Picchu?
What airline had two high-profile plane crashes in 2014?
"What movie was about a ""wicked smart"" mathematician who worked as a janitor?"
The Mossad is the intelligence agency of what country?
What boy with a girl's name was sung about by Johnny Cash?
What monkey is friends with the Man in the Yellow Hat?
"What ""pack"" of young actors starred in movies such as ""The Breakfast Club""?"
Bohemia is a region of what country?
What do Muslims do five times a day?
"What play is about ""star-crossed lovers""?"
What comes next in the sequence kilo, mega, giga?
What city do Brummies come from?
What does the average person have 206 of?
According to the song, what killed the radio star?
Who did Claus von Stauffenberg plot to kill?
What is the first name of Ms. Miranda, Electra, and Sandiego?
Who famously raised wages to $5/day so that his workers could afford the product they were producing?
What type of art does the English artist Banksy specialize in?
What gladiator famously led a slave revolt against Rome?
What toxic fished is called fugu in Japan?
What U.S. state is closest to Africa (geographically)?
Who was the leader of the Medellin cartel in the 1980's?
What bird organ contains stones for grinding up food?
What world leader famously wore a dhoti (a type of loincloth)?
"What did Shylock ask for a pound of in ""The Merchant of Venice""?"
In what mountain range would you find the city of Tbilisi?
What is the name for a person who tried to turn base metals into gold?
Which country in Europe has the highest average elevation?
What is the biggest Italian automaker?
Who shot Greedo inside the cantina?
What occupation puts one at risk for black lung?
"Who wrote the nonsense poem ""Jabberwocky""?"
What does the French word noir mean in English?
What type of tower is the Muslim version of a steeple?
"Who invented the term ""Oedipus complex""?"
Morays and congers are types of what?
"What type of towns often start with the letters ""Bad"" in Germany? ( Baden-baden, for example )"
"What body part was incorporated into Batman's body suit in ""Batman & Robin"", starring George Clooney?"
What did Peter Carl Fabergé famously make?
"What celebrity chef says ""Bam""?"
What type of rock is formed from lava?
What breed of dog was Lassie?
What major American city has an average elevation of 2 feet below sea level?
What painter is sometimes confused with Claude Monet because their last names differ by just a single letter?
"What beverage is often described as ""peaty""?"
What drinking vessel supposedly confers eternal life on those who drink from it?
What were Pangaea and Gondwana?
In what country is vodou religion commonly practiced?
What are fairy rings made of?
"What country's ""Kingdom Tower"" is planned to be more than a kilometer tall when it is completed in 2018?"
What is the name of both a tire company and a restaurant guide?
Who is also known as Jove?
What are the only two types of mammal that can lay eggs?
What video game, created by Notch, is the best-selling PC game of all-time?
What city's catacombs contain the bones of over six million people?
What country does Waterford crystal come from?
What country is the largest oil producer in Africa?
What type of natural disaster killed 173 people in Victoria, Australia in 2009?
What is the most common chemical used in nail polish remover?
What celestial object was visited by the New Horizons spacecraft in 2015?
In what country is the religion of Shinto commonly practiced?
"What movie featured the Randy Newman song ""You've Got a Friend in Me""?"
What is the English name of the city of Firenze?
What country has the largest amount of rainforest?
What is Volkswagen's all-time best-selling car model?
What company is the world's largest auction house?
"What movie featured the song ""Moon River""?"
Flanders is part of what country?
What is either a type of wood or an African-American magazine?
What marine mammal's tusks were once thought to be from unicorns?
"Who said ""we're more popular than Jesus now"", in 1966?"
"In what city did James Joyce's ""Ulysses"" take place?"
"What ""kissing"" disease, common among teenagers, can cause swollen lymph nodes and fatigue?"
What is stevia a substitute for?
"What's the English version of ""L'Chaim"", ""Prost"" or ""Skal""?"
What Buddhist monastery in China is famous for martial arts?
What type of scientist was Wernher von Braun?
What comes next in this sequence: Microwave, Infrared, Visible Light, …
What magazine was started by Hugh Hefner?
Who defeated Boris Spassky in a 1972 chess showdown?
Who is the richest resident of Metropolis?
What does someone need to wear if they are myopic?
Complete the analogy: Mrs is to Frau as Mr is to ____
What movie starred Michael Jordan?
What is both a golf term and slang for an enemy plane?
What was the central meeting place of ancient Rome?
Stalactites grow down from the top of cave. What grows up from the floor of a cave?
What group of people drove a 1959 Chevrolet hearse with license plate ECTO-1?
Which country has the greatest number of ancient pyramids? (hint: They are called the Nubian Pyramids)
What stone was used to decipher Ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics?
In Greek legend, who opened a box containing all evil?
What company purchased Skype in 2011?
What are the words kayak, radar and sagas?
Luke, who is your father?
"What corporate mascot busts through a wall and then says ""Oh Yeah""?"
What island country lies off the southeast tip of India?
is a sequel to what book?
What name is given to the supercontinent thought to exist 300 million years ago?
Hafidh are people who have memorized what?
On what island would you find the city of Palermo?
Sinhala is the official language of which country?
It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the what again?
The show features what chef?
Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet eating her curds and what?
In Roman mythology, who was the god of war?
Juan Valdez advertises the coffee of which country?
What TV show featured the Holodeck?
What King was beheaded during the English Civil War?
What does Sally sell by the sea shore?
Who's the cat that won't cop out, when there's danger all about?
In legend, what city was founded by Romulus and Remus?
Apple, Microsoft, and Intel are listed on which stock exchange?
What U.S. state holds the first presidential primary?
"What beer is advertised by ""The World's Most Interesting Man""?"
What river flows parallel to the Euphrates?
What brand name are Chuck Taylor sneakers sold under?
In what city was Muhammad born?
Who was married to Guinevere?
Communist forces in Vietnam began an offensive during what holiday in 1968?
What is the Japanese word for Japan?
What was the first spacecraft to orbit the Earth?
Solidarity is a political movement in what country?
What is the only 6 letter word that ends in mt?
What type of hat does Indiana Jones wear?
In what country did the Romani ethnic group originate?
Which newspaper did Peter Parker work for?
David Stern was the commissioner of what organization?
What city celebrates the original Oktoberfest?
What major river flows through Paris?
Who was the demon barber of Fleet Street?
If I sail on the Neva river past the Hermitage Museum, what city am I in?
What company is the world's largest private employer?
What will a pescetarian eat that a vegetarian will not?
What country has slums known as favelas?
Where would a Viking warrior hope to go if he died in battle?
What is the most common phobia in the United States, according to the NIMH?
"What is the common translation for ""Carpe Diem""?"
In which country would you find a TGV train?
What did Thomas Chippendale design?
Who was John McCain's running mate?
Who is the only English king to abdicate voluntarily?
"Which U.S. state is the ""Land of Lincoln""?"
"What is the American name for the board game known in England as ""draughts""?"
What is the opposite of an acid?
What video game series features an archaeologist named Lara Croft?
Who is the only black man to win a singles title at Wimbledon?
What country lost the highest % of its population in WWII?
A drupe is a type of what?
What country is Rhodes a part of?
The Black Hills are located primarily in which US state?
Which record label recorded The Supremes and The Jackson 5?
What city will host the 2016 Olympics?
"If you see a ""grand jeté"", what are you watching?"
Which country was once led by F.W. de Klerk?
What TV show is set in the fictional Melbourne suburb of Erinsborough?
What is VIII plus XXIV?
A modern round brilliant cut has 58 what?
Kriss Kross will make you what?
What pope resigned in 2013?
What agency protects the U.S. President?
What is the name of Jay-Z and Beyonce's daughter?
What term refers to a triangle with two equal sides?
What river separates Texas and Mexico?
Which U.S. state was the first to legalize same-sex marriage, in 2004?
What breakfast cereal is associated with leprechauns?
In what year did the War of 1812 start?
What U.S. state borders four Great Lakes?
According to the Quran, a man is allowed to have as many as four what?
What type of beer does Homer Simpson drink?
What is Brazil's most widely-spoken language?
In alphabetical order, what is the last U.S. state?
"What city is called ""The Big Easy""?"
What scientist sailed on the HMS Beagle?
"What philosopher said ""God is dead""?"
"What does ""casa grande"" mean in Spanish?"
What type of bird is often depicted with an olive branch in its beak?
What world leader introduced Glasnost and Perestroika?
What is the most popular ice cream flavor in America?
What is the number 17 in binary?
What was Mumbai formerly called?
What is the name of Bob Marley's greatest hits album?
What did Peter Piper pick a peck of?
Which type of animal represents the Republican Party?
Who famously had children with both Julius Caesar and Mark Antony?
"What was the name of Peter, Paul and Mary's ""magic"" dragon?"
"What ""Glee"" character has the initials RB?"
What is the capital of Oz?
Toussaint Louverture was the founding father of what country?
Who supposedly chopped down a cherry tree, but couldn't lie about it?
What Harvard researcher was well-known for experimenting with LSD?
Who would do anything for love (but not that)?
What cereal is kid-tested and mother-approved?
"What story is parodied by the movie ""Men in Tights""?"
What company's mascots include a gecko, a caveman, and a talking pile of money?
Who was Henry VIII's second wife?
What is produced when you strike steel agains flint?
What type of whale was Moby Dick?
"What actor played the father on ""Little House on the Prairie""?"
What does an octopus spray when threatened?
French, Russian, and Thousand Island are types of what?
What did St. George slay?
A jonquil is a type of what?
What did Cinderella's carriage turn into after midnight?
Dolly, the first clone, was what type of animal?
What is the only country in which the Komodo Dragon is found in the wild?
What is the main ingredient in borscht?
"In the ""Peanuts"" comic strip, who is Lucy's brother?"
What African animal is known for laughing?
What is the highest grossing movie of all time?
Who invented the lightning rod?
"What event was the song ""Waka Waka"" written for?"
Roald Dahl's BFG was a big, friendly what?
Besides Ireland, what country is geographically closest to the United Kingdom?
What movie took place on the moon of Pandora?
Romaine & Butterhead are types of what?
What Olympics-like event is for athletes with physical disabilities?
What fictional doctor talks to animals?
Who was the only female prime minister of the United Kingdom?
Who holds the record for the fastest 100m dash time ever?
What was the language of the Roman Empire?
What does an entomologist study?
What Italian author envisioned 9 circles of hell?
What country dominated the East Indies spice trade in the 17th and 18th centuries?
Who betrayed Jesus for 30 pieces of silver?
What movie takes place at Shermer High School's detention?
What country's flag is a red circle in a field of white?
What country produces the most olive oil?
What is a Teeter-Totter more commonly called?
"Who wrote ""Leaves of Grass""?"
What does a kleptomaniac do compulsively?
In poker, what hand do you have if all your cards are the same suit?
Phil Collins was a drummer and singer in what band?
"What ""unsinkable"" ship sank in April 1912?"
Suffrage is the right to do what?
What is the name for the outer layer of the Earth?
What musician formed a singing duo with Art Garfunkel in 1963?
What religious text was recently adapted into a hit Broadway musical?
What city is famously 5,280 feet above sea level?
What is the most common surname in Korea?
If ultimate means last, what word means second-to-last?
Au is the chemical symbol of what element?
"On what ""railroad"" was Harriet Tubman a conductor?"
In what event did Bruce Jenner win a gold medal at the 1976 Olympics?
What is the only country to share a land border with Denmark?
What kind of bird is the Ugly Duckling?
What product is the Singer company well-known for making?
"What Latin expression means ""Seize the Day""?"
Canuck is a nickname for someone from what country?
What make of car did Doc Brown turn into a time machine?
What is either a city in Germany or a type of fragrance?
What is the name for a box or room that keeps cigars at a constant humidity?
"What is the ""lead"" in modern pencils made from?"
What kind of bean is used to make tempeh?
What is the name for a female peacock?
What would you find in a menagerie?
"What medical board game features body parts such as ""Charley Horse"" and ""Spare Ribs""?"
Anemia can be caused by a deficiency of what dietary mineral?
Chanterelle and Oyster are types of what?
What is the common name of the clavicle?
What boy band is Harry Styles a member of?
What taxonomic rank comes between Family and Species?
Historically, what type of wood was used to make black piano keys?
Who commissioned the Domesday Book?
In what mountain range would you find the homeland of the Sherpa people?
What city state was ruled by Lorenzo de' Medici?
By area, what is the biggest country entirely in the Southern Hemisphere?
What city had the largest library in the ancient world?
What did Antonio Stradivari make?
"What U.S. state did Ray Charles have ""on his mind""?"
What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta?
What creature's eye did the witches of Macbeth put into their cauldron?
"In what sport did the slang word ""tubular"" originate?"
What is the word for a pile of rocks that marks a hiking trail?
What Carl Sagan television series was resurrected in 2014 with Neil deGrasse Tyson as host?
What country won 3 of the 5 Olympic gold medals awarded in baseball?
What artist famously cut off one of his own ears?
What city comes next in this sequence: Atlanta, Sydney, Athens, Beijing?
What U.S. state has the most coastline?
"What country's film industry is called ""Nollywood""?"
What is either a popular cocktail, or the nickname of an English queen?
What is the term for a person whose body doesn't produce melanin?
How did James Dean die?
What hourglass-shaped women's garment was made using whalebone?
What island is shared by Haiti and the Dominican Republic?
What is the southernmost national capital?
"What U.S. state is the ""Sooner State""?"
In what country would you find Coptic Christians?
What is the largest lake in Central America?
What is the tallest building in London?
What alphabet is used in Russia?
What is either a bay in the Indian ocean or a subspecies of tiger?
What de-facto independent country does China claim ownership of?
What national capital is less than 100 kilometers from Tallinn?
"What group of people in the United States speak a dialect called ""Pennsylvania German""?"
Ulster constitutes the northern part of what island?
What city is also known as Wien?
What well-known mountain pass connects Pakistan and Afghanistan?
In what country did Bossa Nova music originate?
What country has the largest Muslim population?
What U.S. state was an independent country between 1836 and 1846?
What is Australia's largest island?
What Roman wall lies near the boundary of Scotland and England?
What type of bridge was used to bring water to Roman cities?
What French region's capital city is Ajaccio?
What major American city is located on Puget Sound?
What does the £ symbol represent?
What Swedish city is connected to Copenhagen via a bridge?
The marathon is named after a city in what country?
What European country has 227 inhabited islands?
What is Paris's largest airport?
What notorious leader had a similar style mustache to Charlie Chaplin?
What facial hair style was made famous by American Civil War general Ambrose Burnside?
Who is said to have gained enlightenment sitting under the Bodhi Tree?
What young pharaoh's tomb was discovered in 1922?
Who is said to have cut the Gordian Knot?
What Pakistani river valley was home to one of the world's most advanced civilizations in 2000 BC?
What Jewish banking family rose from the Frankfurt ghetto to become unthinkably wealthy?
Who did Friedrich Engels famously work with?
What abolitionist raided Harpers Ferry in 1859?
In what Beijing square were democracy activists massacred in 1989?
What atoll gained notoriety after the United States tested nuclear weapons there?
What was once the most abundant bird in North America but was driven to extinction in 1914?
In what modern-day country was the Norse settlement of Vinland?
"Who was the villain in the movie ""Thor""?"
"Who wrote, directed, and starred in ""Citizen Kane""?"
"Who was the male half of ""Bennifer""?"
"What movie series features ""minions"" that resemble Twinkies?"
What movie was about a dunking Golden Retriever named Buddy?
"What movie featured the song ""The Time Warp""?"
"What animal did Will Smith's character use to commit suicide in the movie ""7 Pounds""?"
"What movie featured the song ""You've Got a Friend in Me""?"
What movie franchise has been set in L.A., Miami, Tokyo, Rio, London, and Dubai?
What movie featured a cute Mogwai that looked like a Furby?
Who is the famous brother of Emilio Estevez?
What movie had a sexy, supernatural pottery scene?
"What movie's sequel is subtitled ""Havana Nights""?"
What techno group was formed in Düsseldorf in 1970?
"The song ""Sunday Bloody Sunday"" was about a massacre on which island?"
Who did June Carter marry?
What was Michael Jackson's signature dance move?
"What was the most famous song from the movie ""Frozen""?"
What house in New Orleans has been the ruin of many a poor boy?
What song did Wayne and Garth headbang to in the car?
"Who composed ""Flight of the Valkyries""?"
What city do The White Stripes and Kid Rock come from?
What is the name of the vast hall where the Norse gods live?
On what body of water did Jesus supposedly walk?
What king is the most-mentioned person in the Bible, after Jesus?
What is the name for the Vietnamese New Year? (Hint: three letters)
"On what highway can you ""get your kicks""?"
What brand announced, in 2010, that their food used to taste bad?
In what city would you find Yale University?
What singer-songwriter promised to write albums for all 50 states, but only completed Michigan and Illinois?
What kind of animal are Chip and Dale?
My bologna has a first name. What is it?
What hill does a bill sit on before it becomes a law?
"What children's TV show featured the song ""Won't You Be My Neighbor""?"
What animal kills more Americans than any other?
What company makes Big Red and Juicy Fruit gum?
What is the oldest medical journal in the United States?
What does Mexican Coke have that American Coke doesn't?
What was abolished by the Supreme Court in 1972, but reinstated in 1976?
With what country did the United States re-establish diplomatic relations in 2015?
What type of creature is Pepé Le Pew?
What now illegal crop did George Washington grow on his estate?
What Monopoly square is furthest from Go?
Who has dated Tony Romo, John Mayer, and Nick Lachey?
What TV show takes place at the fictional Seattle Grace Hospital?
"Who recorded the song ""Motown Philly""?"
What was the most common type of gun used in the Revolutionary War?
What stock index reached 5,000 in 2000 before collapsing nearly 80%?
What Detroit-area stadium was sold in 2009 for just $583,000?
What area of Florida can be described as a slow-moving, 60 mile wide river?
In what park would you find Half Dome, a mecca for rock climbers?
What slippery synthetic substance was Ronald Reagan compared to - because no scandals stuck to him?
What is the plural of Winklevoss?
What lake can be found on the border of Vermont and New York?
"What diminutive actor stars as Frank Reynolds in ""It's Alway Sunny in Philadelphia""?"
What city has a neighborhood called Little Havana?
"In what magazine would one find ""Humor in Uniform"" and ""Life in These United States""?"
What American animal is commonly called an antelope, but is not actually an antelope?
In what National Park would you find Half Dome?
What bridge connects the two peninsulas of Michigan?
Name the theatre manager / impresario, who collaborated with Messrs Gilbert and Sullivan, at the Savoy Theatre?
"In the nursery rhyme, ""The House that Jack Built"", what did the rat do?"
On which island is the city of Knossos, once the capital of the ancient Minoan civilisation?
Which was the last European capital city to be liberated from the Germans in W.W.II?
Oil from the wreckage of which super-tanker, ended up on the beaches of Brittany in 1978?
By which other name is the metallic element Potassium also known, hence its chemical formula K?
"Which female, former TV newsreader, was the first presenter of the TV programme, ""Top Gear""?"
"In the TV version of ""The Odd Couple"", the part of Felix Ungar was played by Tony Randall. Which actor played the part in the original 1968 film?"
"Which Scottish actress played Catherine of Aragon in the 1970 TV series, ""The Six Wives of Henry VIII"", but is much better known for her role as Margaret Meldew in ""One Foot in the Grave""?"
"Which country is the setting for the 1957 film, ""Ill Met By Moonlight"", starring Dirk Bogarde?"
What name is given to any part of a circle that is bounded by two radii and an arc of the circumference?
What general name is given to a rotating star which emits a regular beat of radiation?
What is the name of Hamlet's mother in the Shakespeare play of the same name?
On which Saint's Day in 1572 did a massacre of Huguenots take place?
In which country was kung fu expert Bruce Lee born?
'Feel Like Making Love' and 'The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face' were hit singles for which female artist?
In the television series The Munsters, what was Lily Munster's maiden name?
What was the name of the type of art particularly associated with Salvador Dali?
What shape is a sagittate leaf?
Who was Richard Nixon's running mate in the 1960 US presidential election?
Who was Walter Mondale's running mate in the 1984 US Presidential Election?
What nationality is former Liverpool FC footballer Jan Molby?
Which football team play their home games at the Liberty Stadium?
Which Cunard liner launched in 1903 rescued 705 survivors of the Titanic disaster in 1912?
"Which actress/singer starred as Doralee Rhodes in the 1980 film, ""Nine to Five""?"
In which religion is the temple, or place of worship, known as the gurdwara?
The Bells of Shandon are housed in the Church of St Anne in which Irish city?
Which side did Lancashire beat in the last match of the 2008 County Cricket Championship, thus staving off all thoughts of relegation?
Which popular garden flower is the national flower of Mexico, from where it is said to originate?
"In the novel, ""Nicholas Nickelby"", by Charles Dickens, what was the name of the school, run by Wackford Squeers?"
Which organisation uses barbed wire and a candle as its symbol?
Mt. Aconcagua, the highest peak in the Western Hemisphere, stands in which South American country?
The song 'Wunderbar' comes from which Cole Porter musical?
In which town does the traditional Pancake Race take place on Shrove Tuesday each year?
How did Alice get into Wonderland?
On which river are the Victoria Falls?
In 'Alice in Wonderland', who wanted to decapitate anyone who offended her?
Odysseus was King of which Greek state?
Which device, now a plaything, has a lift end, a dingle end and an elbow?
What is the name of the German magazine which claimed in 1983 to have found Hitler's diaries?
Who were the Greek equivalents of the Norns of Norse mythology?
Who was the General in charge of the American forces on D-Day?
Give a year in the life of Emily Bronte.
In the British Parliament, who presides over the election of a new Speaker?
Who was the only person to win the BBC TV Sports Personality of the Year twice during the 1990's - in 1994 and 1996?
"Who published her political memoirs entitled ""Momentum""?"
In terms of tonnage of cargo handled, which is the world's largest port?
Who is the youngest female singer to have a UK No. 1 hit?
In food and drink terms, what are porcini (poor-chee-nee) and straw?
"Which Russian (in 1941) composed the ""Leningrad Symphony""?"
In which county is the polo venue of Cowdray Park?
According to the song, what did my true love send to me on the eighth day of Christmas?
What is the imperial distance of a marathon race?
"In which decade was the Manchester Ship Canal opened; Anna Sewell's ""Black Beauty"" published; James Naismith invents basketball?"
Glenn Miller played which musical instrument?
As at November 2007, who is the Shadow Home Secretary?
Which drink, popular in the Middle Ages, is prepared by curdling hot milk with wine or ale, and adding spices?
In which U.S. State is the University of Harvard to be found?
What is the distinctive odour of the gas, hydrogen cyanide?
What was the first name of the Dutch explorer, Tasman, after whom Tasmania is named?
Which actress was born Demetria Gene Guynes in 1962?
Name either Scandinavian nation that Charles XIII (Carl II) ruled by the 1814 union of the two countries.
In the nursery rhyme, who pulled pussy out of the well?
In December 2006, the second longest motorway tunnel in Europe was opened connecting the port to the airport in which capital city?
Which American scene artist painted 'Cape Cod Evening'?
100.4 Smooth Radio, and 105.4 Century FM, etc, are based where?
The 2010 Winter Olympics will be held where?
The Old Faithful geyser is in which American national park?
Which famous novelist also wrote under the pseudonym Richard Bachman?
Aesculus hippocastanum is the Latin name for which tree?
Which famous novelist also wrote under the pseudonym Mary Westmacott?
What is the name of the seven-branched candelabra used in the Jewish religion?
What was the stage name of singer/actor Terence Nelhams?
"In economics, whose law states that, ""Bad Money Drives Out Good""?"
"Who played the title role in the 1955 film, ""The Man From Laramie""?"
"""The Sound of Music"", in 1959, was the last Broadway musical of which famous duo?"
Which is the only element, from the group known as the Halogens, which is liquid at room temperature?
Who was assassinated in 1968 in the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles?
The axilla is the anatomical name for which part of the body?
Where are the headquarters of Interpol?
Who was the brother of the Bronte sisters?
On which island is Reina Sofia Airport?
What is the name of Beethoven's only opera?
Which city was the subject of the 1949 song 'Dirty Old Town' by Ewan McColl?
Which US comic superhero has the real name Steve Rogers?
With which orchestra was Arthur Fiedler (who died in 1979) most associated?
As a figure of speech, what is a statement made in exaggerated terms?
A merrythought is one of the popular names for which part of a bird?
Who was appointed as England's first astronomer royal?
To which family of birds do sparrows belong?
"The musical ""Les Miserables"" is based on whose novel?"
Who was the first American President to live in the White House; he moved there in 1800?
What is the more common name for birds of the Troglodytidae family?
Which English clergyman/chemist discovered oxygen?
The flag of which European country is a blue-white-red horizontal tricolour with the coat of arms centred vertically but located left of centre horizontally?
Who swam the Hellespont every night to meet Hero?
Blinky, Pinky, Inky, and Clyde are four ghosts in which arcade game?
There are two forms of classical Japanese theatre, 'Noh' is mostly spoken, but what name is given to the singing and dancing form?
What was the code name for the British retreat from Dunkirk in World War 2?
The word 'Araf, painted on the road surface in Wales means what in English?
Where in the body is the zygomatic major muscle?
Which hero was the son of Zeus by Danae?
Which Dutch admiral boasted in 1667 that he had swept the British from the sea?
Which service was originally known as Queen's Nurses?
Which group has had hits with the albums 'Hopes and Fears', and `Under the Iron Sea'?
Hannibal Hayes and Kid Curry were the central characters in which 1970s American TV series?
Who was the last British male to reach the final of a Grand Slam tennis singles tournament?
Who was Poet Laureate from 1850 to 1892?
Who was the German born private astronomer to George 3rd?
Who wrote the book 'Elmer Gantry'?
What is the name of the strong fibrous tissue that joins one bone to another at a joint?
What is the common name of the garden weed urtica dioica?
Who was the deviser, producer and director 'That Was The Week That Was'?
Who became President of the USA following the assassination of William McKinley in 1901?
In which English county was Henry 1st born?
What is the name of the lake formed in 1932 when the Zuider Zee was cut off from the North Sea by a dyke?
What name is given to the science or study of poisons?
On which island does a narrow gauge railway run from Craignure to Torosay Castle?
Who wrote the autobiography 'Rum, Bum and Concertina' published in 1977?
Name the Archbishop of Canterbury who was burnt at the stake in 1556?
Which sporting title was shared in 2007 by Jamie Spencer and Seb Sanders with 190 wins each?
Which shocking fish is also known as a torpedo?
In which activity are banderillas used?
Who was the first Tsar of all Russia?
Which perennial herb is also known as milfoil?
An encephalogram is an X-Ray photograph of which part of the human body?
"Which English comedian had a minor hit in 1958 with his cover version of the Bobby Darin song, ""Splish Splash""?"
According to Colossians, Ch 4 v 14, what profession was followed by St Luke?
Which preparation still in use today, was known in 4th century Egypt? Then, it was made from salt, pepper, iris flowers and mint leaves, but now mostly comprises Sodium Fluoride.
Named from the Gaelic for elbow, what is the name of the Irish bagpipes played by squeezing air with the arm?
For what role in the film musical 'Chicago' did Catherine Zeta Jones win the Best Supporting Actress Oscar?
"Sting's 2006 album ""Into the Labyrinth"" is a collection of songs by John Dowland who was a 16th-17th century virtuoso on what instrument?"
In the 1994 Cash for Questions affair, in which the Guardian exposed two Tory MPs taking payments from Mohamed Al-Fayed, who was the MP for Beaconsfield implicated?
In literature, whose girlfriend is Becky Thatcher?
The Synod of Whitby took place in which century?
On a computer keyboard you need to press 'shift' and which number to produce the £ sign?
Cassiterite is a principal ore of which metal?
What was the name of the home of the Norse gods?
In the 2005 remake of the film 'King Kong' who played the part of Ann Darrow, originally played by Fay Wray?
"In the TV series, ""The Rockford Files"", which actor played Rockford's father, ""Rocky""?"
What is, or was, a barouche?
Which nineteenth century artist had the Christian names John Everett?
On which West Indian island did the Calypso originate?
On T.V. who played Frank Cannon?
"Who played the part of Hilda Ogden for many years in the TV series, ""Coronation St""?"
Which Pacific nation consists of over 800 islands and islets, the largest being Viti Levu?
The magazine Private Eye refers to Her Majesty the Queen by which name?
"Who wrote the TV series ""Pennies From Heaven"", and ""The Singing Detective""?"
Which South African soldier / statesman fought against the British in the Boer War, then on the side of the allies in both World Wars, and was instrumental in the founding of the League of Nations in 1919?
Rose Diamond is the long time partner of which British TV and radio presenter?
Which type of bird is named after Thomas Bewick, an English engraver and ornithologist, who specialised in illustrations of birds?
Which advert on TV, showed a young boy pushing a bicycle up a steep hill, to the strains of Dvorak's Ninth Symphony?
Give a year in the life of German painter Albrecht Durer.
In what year did Kurt Waldheim become UN General Secretary; Bloody Sunday happened in Derry, NI; President Nixon visited China.
Which Dr. Who villain has been played by Roger Delgado, Anthony Ainley, Eric Roberts, etc?
Sir William Herschel discovered which planet, calling it 'George's Star', in honour of King George the Third?
Which football manager as the nickname the bald eagle?
What name is given to the gap between the A and B rings of Saturn, after the Italian astronomer who first discovered it in 1675?
New Zealander Jack Lovelock gained fame in the1930's in which field?
Ingvar Kamprad, one of the world's richest men, founded which company in the 1940's?
Which racecourse, home to the King George VI steeplechase, is situated at Sunbury on Thames?
Alan Coren, who died in 2007, and Sandi Tostvig were rival captains on which TV game show?
Which media mogul married actress Jane Fonda in 1991, the marriage ending in divorce ten years later?
Which adjective is used when pertaining to the fox?
Nephritis is a condition, in humans, where which part of the body becomes inflamed?
Which fruit is known in Portuguese as a marmelo, the first marmalades being made from this fruit?
The rather exotic cathedral, on Red Square, in Moscow, is dedicated to which saint?
What are Merapi in Indonesia, Rabaul in Papua New Guinea and Ruapehu in New Zealand?
Which year saw the assassination of US President James Garfield?
What was set at 3 groats per household in 1380 and caused social unrest?
What is the current occupation of rock singer Bruce Dickinson?
Malachite is an ore of which metal?
Which actress was a Coronation Street regular and also appeared in the film 'Carry on Cleo'?
Which literary location did John Jarndyce own?
Coimbra is a principal town or city in which country?
Who directed the film 'Last Tango in Paris'? (
Who was the British Admiral who died in 1707 when four of his ships were wrecked in the Scilly Isles?
What is the name of George Galloway's political party?
Which comic strip character was created in the early fifties by the Southport artist Frank Hampson?
What type of animal can be found on a tin of 'Lyle's Golden Syrup'?
"Who in the wild west was known as ""Iron Eyes"" among his other nicknames?"
"Name the little girl, daughter of the late Christina, who has inherited the vast ""Onassis"" fortune?"
"When someone exclaims ""By Jove!"" to whom are they referring?"
Which sauce is made from mayonnaise, chopped capers and onions?
Which long distance footpath links Frodsham and Whitchurch?
Which South American country's flag has nine alternating horizontal bands of blue and white with a gold sun in a white canton?
What is the American word for a short-hand typist?
"Who topped the U.K. charts for eleven successive weeks in 1955, with his version of the song ""Rose Marie""?"
Which of Henry VIII's wives died of septicaemia, just twelve days after giving birth?
The duodenum, jejunum and ileum together make up which part of the human body?
Which mountain range stretches from the Arctic Ocean to the Caspian Sea?
Which grape is used to produce top-quality Burgundy red wines?
Which is the deepest loch in Scotland?
What was the name of the private eye played by Trevor Eve on TV in the '70s?
In 1986 the prime minister of which European country was assassinated while returning home from the cinema?
Which mountain range extends almost the length of Italy?
Who opened the first stretch of motorway in 1959?
Mount Elbrus, arguably Europe's highest peak, is in which mountain range?
"In physics, whose law states that ""for a fixed mass of gas at a constant temperature the product of the pressure and volume is constant""?"
What is the derived SI unit of pressure?
In the Bible who was the mother of King Solomon?
In darts, what is the highest possible checkout with three darts, finishing with a double?
What is the title of the last Harry Potter novel, published in 2007?
Lacock Abbey in Wiltshire, now in the hands of the National Trust, was the home of which pioneer of photography?
Who, in November 2005, became the first ever female Chancellor of Germany?
In which Russian city is the Kirov Ballet based?
What does the Greek word Mesopotamia mean?
During the 1970s which car maker produced the Triumph TR7 and the Jaguar XJS?
"Which opera features the ""Humming Chorus""?"
In which year was Mrs Indira Gandhi assassinated?
In the acronym DEFRA, for what does the A stand?
Which club won the Scottish league cup three times in the first eight years of the competition?
Who was head of the Gestapo from1936?
Who wrote the opera Faust in 1859?
To whom did the risen Jesus say 'Touch me not'?
What was the name of the horse in Steptoe and Son?
For what medical condition would a doctor administer an antipyretic?
Which car manufacturer produces a model called the RAV4?
Who composed the first ever concerto for tuba and orchestra?
What is the alcoholic ingredient of a Screwdriver cocktail?
As what are the islands previously known as the Danish West Indies now known?
The Vinson Massif is the highest mountain of which continent?
Nephritis is the inflammation of which organ?
In which city is the majority of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet set?
In which country did the Battle of El Alamein take place?
In which year did Picasso die?
In which African country is Mount Kilimanjaro?
What is the capital of the American state of Nevada?
Actor John Hewer died early in 2008 aged 86; under what name did everybody know him better, in a series of TV adverts?
Who won the best actor award at the 2008 Oscar awards ceremony for his role in the film 'There Will Be Blood'?
"Who said in 1935 ""The Pope: how many divisions has he got?"""
What is the currency of the middle eastern country of Qatar?
Which town is the capital of Papua New Guinea?
In the Bible who was David's father?
In which country is the Sierra Madre mountain range, with its highest peak at Cerro Mohinora?
'Sunrise, Sunset' and 'Tradition' are songs from which musical?
In which Cumbrian town is there a pencil museum?
The Crimea forms part of which country?
In which Arizona town did the Gunfight at the OK Corral take place in 1881?
Which island is connected to Brooklyn by the Verrazano Narrows bridge?
Whose playing of the part of Enrico Bandello in the film 'Little Caesar' brought him to stardom?
The wood of which common tree was traditionally used to make tennis racquets, billiard cues and hockey sticks?
In 1818 who wrote a poem entitled 'Written in the Cottage where Burns was born'?
What electrical property, the reciprocal of resistivity, has the SI units Siemens per metre?
Who first achieved stardom as the gangster Duke Mantee in the film 'The Petrified Forest'?
Which shipyard built the 'Titanic'?
Which architect designed the Albert Memorial in 1875?
LOT is the national airline of which country?
Gene Hackman won the Best Actor Oscar in 1971, for which film?
Who was the founder of 'Today' newspaper, launched in 1986, the subject of much dispute with trade unions?
What was the original use of the building which now houses the Tate Modern Art Gallery in London?
The character Sally Bowles appears in which film?
Which 137-mile canal joins London and Birmingham?
What is the anatomical name for the upper jaw bone?
Which South London gang, led by Charles and Eddie, were rivals of the Krays?
PIA is the national airline of which country?
"Which stage and film musical features the song, ""A Cock-eyed Optimist""?"
When introduced into Britain in 1752, what caused a riot over eleven lost days?
"Who played the part of the tragic Jennifer Cavalleri in the 1970 film, ""Love Story""?"
What was the name of the space shuttle, which disintegrated over Texas, on re-entry into the earth's atmosphere in February 2003, with the loss of all seven crew members?
The Beatles won an Oscar for what?
In sport who competes in the Eredivisie?
Where is the venue for the next Winter Olympics in 2010?
What was said to have been guarded by the Fisher King?
In which London magazine did Sherlock Holmes first appear?
What kind of animal is a 'Suffolk Punch'?
In which town or city is the HQ of Colman's (of mustard fame)?
Which sport requires an oval pitch and an oval ball?
Which is the most southerly country of the EU?
Which TV cartoon series was about a meek janitor who led a double life as an unfortunate super-detective?
What was the name if the submarine lost in Liverpool Bay in June 1939?
Who was the Texas governor who was shot and wounded when John F Kennedy was assassinated?
Which TV cartoon series was about a dim-witted horse trying to keep law and order in the old Wild West?
Which TV series, filmed in and around Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire, is adapted from the novels of Caroline Graham?
In which European city is Kurtfurstendamm the main shopping street?
Which American Ivy League University is situated in Ithaca, New York State?
In the Bible, who was put to death, because King Ahab coveted his vineyard?
Harvard University is situated in which American State?
"""I was born in the year 1632 in the city of York, of a good family"" are the opening words of which novel?"
Which illness caused Edward VII's coronation to be delayed by six weeks?
Which piece of laboratory equipment consists of a vertical cylindrical piece of glassware, graduated volumetrically along its length, with a stopcock at the bottom? It is used to dispense known amounts of liquids.
In New Zealand, of what are Kowhai and Titoki native species?
"Who produces the perfumes ""Opium"" and ""Rive Gauche""?"
Botswana was known by what name until 1966?
In the 20th century who was the longest serving Poet Laureate 1930-1967?
Complete the title of the Woody Allen directed film 'Vicky Christina .
In which city is Slum Dog Millionaire set?
In which city were the Olympic Games held in which Torvill & Dean won the Gold Medal dancing to Bolero?
Give a year in the life of artist Paul Gauguin?
What do the Americans call what we call a 'sofa'?
Name the film in which Halle Berry won the Best Actress Oscar in 2002?
The 'Rumble in the Jungle' between Ali and Foreman took place in which city?
Which play set in Lancashire in the 1850's tells of boot maker Will Mossop's romance with his boss's daughter?
"From which musical does the song ""If I Ruled The World"" come from?"
What is the common name of the Boeing CH47 Helicopter?
"Who won ""Hell's Kitchen 2009"" on Television?"
Who played King Arthur in the 2004 film 'King Arthur'?
Which cartoon character created by Al Capp lives in Dog Patch?
Which was the first city to host the Summer Olympics twice?
From which planet did Dan Dare's enemy The Mekon come?
Judge Jeffreys presided over the trials of 1685 following which rebellion?
Stilton cheese can only be made in 3 Counties, name one.
In law what term translates from the Latin meaning 'elsewhere'?
What is the screen name of the actor Bernard Schwarz?
For which scientific discovery did Crick and Watson receive the 1962 Nobel Prize for Medicine?
Musca domestica is the scientific name for what?
Which of Dickens' novels contains the characters Mr Pecksniff and Mrs Gamp?
Which part of the earth's structure lies between the outer core and the crust?
If you ordered carre d'agneau in a French restaurant, what would you be served?
Who was the first unseeded player to win the Men's Singles at Wimbledon?
What is the meaning of the Arabic word 'Hezbollah', the Shi'ite Muslim group?
Where does the Mandarin duck nest?
What was the stage name of Margarita Carmen Cansino a star of 1940 musicals?
Who was the third President of the USA?
In which modern day country was Gustav Mahler born?
Who painted The Luncheon of the Boating Party in 1881?
In which city were the 2009 World Athletic Championships held?
Which English monarch was the son of Edward the Black Prince?
Leofric of Mercia was the husband of which famous woman?
Which pop group took their name from the German word meaning 'Power Plant'?
In medicine an emetic is administered to induce what?
Hamid Karzai became the first elected president of which country in 2004?
Opened in 1637, in which city was the first public opera house?
Which rugby league team is known as the Rhinos?
How is Marie Grosholz, born in Strasbourg in 1761, known today due to an establishment founded in London in 1835?
Which star in the constellation of Ophiuchus, is just under six light years away and the fifth closest star to Earth?
In the NATO alphabet, what word is used to denote the letter N?
Which fashion editor has the nickname 'Nuclear'?
What number on the BeauforT Scale equates to a gale?
The Victorian producer Richard d'Oyly Carte is most associated with the staging of whose works?
The Nag's Head was the local pub in which TV comedy series?
Which Bradford car manufacturer, up until 1954, built the Javelin and Jupiter models?
"To what was Wordsworth referring when he wrote, ""Shall I call thee bird, or but a wandering voice?"
The Cesarewitch horse race is run at Newmarket during which month of the year?
Constantia, famous as a wine growing area, is a suburb of which South African city?
The name of which martial art comes from Korean words meaning 'kick fist method'?
Who was the former wife of war hero Leonard Cheshire who founded, in 1953, a charitable organisation with the emphasis on care homes and hospices?
Which is the largest of the United Arab Emirates?
In which English city is the HQ of the Ordnance Survey?
"The musical ""Jersey Boys"" is based around the music-of-which American pop group?"
In which modern-day country is the birthplace of Buddha (Siddhartha Gautama)?
Which European High Street chain store was founded by August and Clemence Brennickmeyer?
Which European capital city is located 40 miles east of Vienna?
What is the occupation or pastime of a funambulist?
In which year did the Battle of Gettysburg take place?
On which river does Newport (Gwent) stand?
Rob Davis, Les Gray, Dave Mount and Ray Stiles are members of which pop group?
As at April 2008, who is the Secretary of State for Health?
Davy Crocket was killed at the Alamo, which other famous American pioneer died in the same action?
The John Brown Shipyard is/was on which river?
Which singer had a number 1 hit album in 2008 entitled 'Hard Candy'?
Which vegetable is traditionally used in the dish moussaka?
After who is the Belfast City Airport named?
Distances from London are all measured from which landmark?
Name either of the detectives featured in novels by Reginald Hill and in a TV series based on the novels?
Which Manchester born physicist won the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1906 and is regarded as the founder of modern atomic physics?
How many points are needed to win a set in Table Tennis, under current Olympic rules?
Which Irish politician was known as 'The Liberator'?
In the Disney film, how did Dumbo make his ears grow?
"Which famous city bridge is known as the ""Coathanger""?"
Where is the Headquarters of Boeing?
In the book David Copperfield what was Mr Micawber's first name?
"From which musical does the song ""Till There Was You"" come from?"
Which television detective was created by Glenn Chandler?
Which Greek God gave Cassandra the give of prophecy?
"Who, according to T S Eliot, ""always has an alibi, and one or two to spare""?"
Which is the only property on a traditional UK Monopoly board which is south of the River Thames?
"In ""The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy"" by Douglas Adams, what was the name of the computer that determined that the answer to the ultimate question of Life, the Universe and Everything was 42?"
Which group recorded the albums called 'Raintown', 'Fellow Hoodlums' and 'Homesick'?
What name is given to the dark gap between the rings of the planet Saturn, discovered in 1675?
What is the collective noun for a group of frogs?
What was the actor Richard Burton's real surname?
Which stretch of water separates Australia from New Guinea?
In which Cornish town is there a branch of the Tate Gallery?
What is the name of the semi-fluid, clarified butter used in Indian cookery?
Which French painter was known as 'Le Douanier' because of his job as a customs official?
Which author's second husband was archaeologist Max Mallowan?
Which cricketer wrote the autobiographical 'Coming Back To Me'?
Who was the author of 'The Shortest Way with Dissenters' and `A Journey of the Plague Year'?
The world became aware of the Chernobyl disaster after detectors were triggered in which country?
Which actress played The Sculptress on TV?
Who would use an abb in his work?
How many squares are found along one side of a Scrabble board?
What name did Josiah Wedgwood give to his factory near Hanley, Staffordshire?
What name is now given to the regime in Germany between 1919 and 1933?
Which admiral commanded the British fleet sent to repel the Spanish Armada in 1588?
Which religion's holy book is the Adi Granth?
In the context of UK government, for what does the C stand in the acronym COBRA?
Who painted 'The Fighting Temeraire'?
Pussy Galore features in which Ian Fleming book (later a film)?
In which month of the year does pheasant shooting legally begin?
"Which island is/was politically divided by the ""Attilla Line""?"
Which British Trade Union has the largest paying membership?
"Who directed the film ""Gladiator"", starring Russell Crowe?"
Who is the only figure skater to win 3 consecutive Winter Olympic gold medals?
Who wounded Achilles in the heel, leading to his death?
"In the board game Monopoly, what is the colour of the property ""Coventry Street""?"
"In the Bible, which of Jesus"" disciples tried to walk on water?"
Actress Fenella Fielding was the sister of which famous comedian and comic actor?
The criteria of which two people are used to calculate the outcome of a limited over cricket match which has been curtailed by rain?
When Jim Laker took 19 wickets in the Old Trafford Test Match in 1956, who was the Australian captain?
Which famous Englishman was born in Lichfield in Staffordshire in 1709?
For which conductor was the NBC Symphony orchestra created in 1937?
"El Gouna, known as the ""Venice of the Red Sea"", is a holiday resort in which country?"
Which island in the Grenadines of St. Vincent was bought by Colin Tennant in 1958? Princess Margaret built a holiday home there in the 1960's.
"Who was the female member of the 1980's pop music duo, ""Eurythmics""?"
Give a year in the life of playwright and poet, Christopher Marlowe.
"In 1965, which American pop group, whose original members include the legendary David Crosby, had a No.1 hit with the Bob Dylan song, ""Mr Tambourine Man""?"
In what year was the most recent census in the UK ?
In which game is a cannon a scoring shot?
How many heads did the Hydra have?
Which is the heaviest metal?
What does a manometer measure?
Who was known as Dr Angelicus?
Which river runs through Hamburg?
Who wrote the play She Stoops to Conquer?
"What is the setting for the 1942 painting, ""Nighthawks"" by American artist, Edward Hopper?"
The film 'Pushing Tin' features which occupation?
Aqua Arnemetiae is the Roman name for which British town?
Who wrote the bestselling novels Angel and Crystal?
Which is Britain's fastest bird of prey?
Which sportsman's autobiography is called Blessed?
The American roadrunner belongs to which family of birds?
What part of the human body is affected by 'iritis'?
What do we call the fruit of the blackthorn?
What type of animal is a bonobo?
Uriah Heep is a character in which Dickens novel?
Which poet (1770-1835) was known as the Ettrick Shepherd?
"Musically speaking, what do the words ""a cappella"" signify?"
What would you serve in a samovar?
"Who wrote ""A cauliflower is nothing but a cabbage with a college education""?"
Which character did Felicity Kendall play in 'The Good Life'? (Christian name and surname required)
Who assassinated Mahatma Gandhi in 1948?
What does the term 'Halal' literally mean? As in Halal meat eaten by Muslims.
What was Queen Victoria's first Christian name?
The Aran Islands are located at the mouth of which bay?
What year appears on bottles of the French lager Kronenbourg?
The Antarctica Treaty that is presently in force ends in which year?
The 'Black Caps' is the nickname for which team in sport?
"Which writer is considered to have been the first to use the term ""cold war"" in articles in 1945 and 1946?"
The former Queen Mother, Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon, married the Duke of York, later King George VI. In which county is Bowes from her surname?
Who wrote much of King George V's first Christmas broadcast, made in 1932?
Prince Calef is the male-lead in which Puccini opera?
Noel Coward died in 1973. In which country?
Which TV detective drove a car with the registration plate 248RPA?
Which US state is nicknamed both 'the Colourful State' and 'the Land of Enchantment'?
Ochophobia is the fear of what?
Which South American capital was founded on the banks of the Rio Mapocho by Pedro de Valdivia in 1541?
On which record label did Elvis Presley launch his career?
What was Reg Varney's character called in 'On the Buses'?
Which Booker Prize winning novelist wrote the Advertising slogan 'That will do nicely' for American Express?
Which classic sci-fi novel divides the human species into the gentle Eloi and the bestial Morlocks? Wells?
The novelist Dorothy L Sayers produced which advertising symbol for Guinness?
Who said that there are only three true sports, bullfighting, mountaineering and motor racing, the rest are merely games?
In the Bible, name the son of Saul who was a friend of David?
Graca Machel, the widow of a President of Mozambique, is the wife of which famous man?
Which 19th century Frenchman invented a loom which enabled complex patterns to be woven; his name is remembered as one of these patterns?
By what name was Peggy Hookham DBE better known?
Who founded the Messenger group of newspapers in 1983?
In which State is USA's highest mountain, Mount McKinley?
Biologically-speaking, what name is given to an organ that serves no evident purpose?
The novels of which contemporary author feature the character Lincoln Rhyme?
The novels of which contemporary author feature the character Dirk Pitt?
General James Wolfe was killed at which battle in 1759?
Where in the human body is the only bone that is not connected to any other bone?
In the UK, how much does it cost to buy Trafalgar Square on a Monopoly board?
b What was John Wayne's last film, in 1976?
What is the collective noun for a group of badgers?
Who was the first husband of Catherine of Aragon?
Which famous writer is named after a lake in Staffordshire?
Of which European country is 'fado' the national music?
By what name was the shipping area Fitzroy known until 2002?
Which car company has manufactured models called Baleno, Alto and Vitara?
On which island was the famous photograph taken showing US Marines raising the US flag over Mt Suribachi in February 1945?
What type of creature is a sea fox?
What is the US equivalent of the British Army's SAS?
Which actor provided the voice for John Smith in the 1995 Disney film 'Pocahontas'?
Which TV/film animated space age family have a dog called Astro?
Which pernicious elements of war were said to be uncontrollable and inhumane by the UN?
Which musical instrument can have 21, 22, or 23 strings?
Astigmatism is a condition affecting which part of the body?
What is the perfect score in ten pin bowling?
Which Alpine peak is known in Italy as Monte Cervino?
What type of animal is a corvid?
What was the last ruling dynasty of China, ending in 1912?
Which Olympic games saw the introduction of the Fosbury Flop?
What is the largest state in Brazil?
Sean Connery's first Oscar was awarded for his role in which film?
At the London Olympics 2012 which events will take place at Lords?
"The song ""If I Ruled The World"" comes from which musical?"
In which month does the salmon fishing season begin?
Which official residence is No.12 Downing Street?
The USS Langley was the country's first type of which vessel?
Which monarch founded Ascot Racecourse?
Which motorway links Coventry to Leicester?
What name is given to the person in a restaurant responsible for the wine and assisting customers with their choice of wine?
Where, specifically, is the junction known as 'the Crossroads of the World'?
The football club CFR Cluj made their debut in the European I Champions League this season, in which country do they play?
In which county is Wellington College?
Who wrote the Thursday Next books?
Which Shakespeare play begins 'Now is the winter of our discontent'?
According to Arthurian legend, who was Sir Galahad's father?
The name of which Russian spacecraft means 'travelling companion' or 'satellite'?
Who was on the English throne in 1400?
In the Lake District which is the only body of water to actually be called lake?
Which National Trail runs for 268 miles from Edale to Kirk Yetholm?
Which Nobel-prize winning Russian writer died on August 3rd 2008?
The film The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, starring Brad Pitt, is based on a short story by whom?
Which British city has cathedrals dedicated to St Nicholas and St Mary?
What is the capital of Australia's Northern Territory?
Which US President was the last to have been born in the nineteenth century?
Whose first solo UK number 1 single was I Only Have Eyes for You in September 1975?
Of which US state is Springfield the capital?
In which US state is New Haven?
Who commanded the Prussian army at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815?
In which decade were Nobel Prizes first awarded?
What kind of aircraft gave the space shuttle a piggy-back prior to 1981?
In which ballroom dance is the man represented as a matador and the woman his cape?
How is the Shakespeare character 'Robin Goodfellow' better known?
Which hotel is world-famous for its 'grill'?
According to the Old Testament, who was the first person to have a hangover?
On which town or city's beach did John Stonehouse do his Reggie Perrin (disappearing act)?
Which was the last palindromic Grand National winner?
Where is the tallest free-standing building in the world?
What was the name given to the synthetic material which was the fore-runner to today's modern plastic?
In geometry, what name is given to a straight line from the circumference to the centre of a circle or sphere?
In August2007, the record producer and entrepreneur known as 'Mr. Manchester died aged 57. What was his name?
In the name of the mountain K2, for what does the K stand?
Aglaia, Thalia and. Euphrosyne were known as what?
In 2009, who became the first woman to have sailed solo and non-stop, both ways around the world in her boat 'Aviva'?
In 'Alice In Wonderland' what was used as the ball in the game of croquet?
In Russia, what is a shapka?
'Travellers Joy' and 'Old Man's Beard' are alternative names for which plant?
Who has children called Track, Bristol, Piper, Trig and Willow?
Which ex Prime Minister died at his home in Hawarden in 1898?
What colour was The Chillingham Bull?
What did Pickles find in 1966?
The plant Atropa Belladonna is better known as what?
As whom is Paul David Hewson better known?
Who was the wife of Moses?
Give a year in the reign of King Stephen.
What is the name for a female bear?
"Which country did Tsar Nicholas I of Russia call ""the sick man of Europe""?"
What port city lies at the mouth of the River Seine?
In which Charles Dickens novel does the character Mr M Choakumchild appear?
Which US state is known as the Palmetto State?
The remains of which ancient city were discovered by Heinrich Schliemann in the 1870s?
In which English city would you find Winson Green Prison?
Name the singer who, along with Vince Clarke, made up the pop group Yazoo?
Manchester United's Kevin Moran was the first player to he sent off in an FA Cup final, which Arsenal player was the second?
Apart from London, in which other British city is there a Charing Cross?
Nigel Farage is the leader of which political party?
Which philosopher wrote 'Thus Spoke Zarathustra' between 1883 and 1885?
Who in the Bible is the mother of Mary, the mother of Jesus?
In 2009, a special design was used on the reverse of the 50p coin to commemorate the 250th anniversary of which establishment?
What was the codename for the German invasion of Russia in 1941?
"Who is the composer of ""The L'Arlesienne Suite""?"
On which island in the North Sea did both St Aidan and St Cuthbert live?
Which mammal is also known as a river horse?
The Caloris Basin is the largest crater on which planet?
In which country has the pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi been kept under house arrest for the last 6 years?
To which family of birds does the linnet belong?
Which 20th century British Prime Minister was born in Portsmouth?
When George Formby sang the lines: 'It may be sticky, but I never complain, I like to have a nibble at it now and again', to what was he ostensibly referring?
In which year was the 50p coin introduced into circulation in Britain?
In which daily newspaper does the business cartoon 'Alex' appear?
Manhattan Island is bounded by three rivers, the Hudson, the East and which other?
What is the first line of the poem 'The Soldier' by Rupert Brooke?
The Battle of Corunna (1809) took place in which war?
Which TV personality is the current Chief Scout?
Who was the husband of Lady Jane Grey?
Who is the patron saint of dancers?
With which instrument do you associate British jazz musician Stan Tracey?
John F Kennedy Airport serves which Latin American seat of government?
On which river does the Scottish city of Stirling lie?
"Which artist's name means in translation ""Little Barrel""?"
In 1976 who was the first gymnast to score a perfect ten in Olympic competition?
In the Hans Christian Andersen story, who slept in a walnut shell for a cradle?
The stone Lapis Lazuli is used to make which shade of blue pigment for artists?
"Where would you find ""The Line of Mars"" and ""The Girdle of Venus""?"
Which actor played the second Dr Who?
Who played the part of companion Martha Jones in the 2007 series of Dr Who?
Which car company produces the Meriva model?
"The last words of which German philosopher and author were (in translation) ""More Light!""?"
In the North East a workman's packed lunch is his 'bait', what is it in Yorkshire?
In Greek mythology, what was the name of Apollo's twin sister?
'Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ', the 1880 novel by Lew Wallace, is about a young aristocratic Jew. What is his first name?
When suffix letters were first used on British car registration plates the letter was used for a calendar year, later, to suit the car industry, the letter changed on August 1 each year, which letter was consequently used for only seven months?
The Fitzwilliam Museum is in which British town or city?
Name one of the main moons of the planet Uranus.
Who makes or made the model of vehicle the Kangoo?
Charles Lindbergh died in 1974. Where was he buried?
Three-quarters of the world's breeding population of one seabird are concentrated around the British Isles - which species?
Which author created the fictional character Sergeant Cuff?
Which British institution was set up by Royal Charter in 1927?
Which sub-region of Aquitaine in SW France gives its name to a type of brandy?
What type of fruit is a Blenheim Orange?
Where in Scotland is Dunvegan Castle?
In which decade was Piltdown man allegedly discovered in Sussex?
Which large American bird (Gymnogyps) has been reintroduced to the wild after breeding in captivity in 1991?
The Kina is the monetary unit of which Oceania country?
Which country has provinces including Masvingo, Midlands and Manicaland?
Which country has parishes including Westmoreland, St Andrew and Manchester?
Which mountain peak is the highest point in the Western Hemisphere?
Complete the title of this 1970's group 'Sutherland Brothers and .'
Which is the most famous painting by Edvard Munch?
Who played Claude Greengrass in 'Heartbeat'?
Which single word connects 'The Spanish Armada, and the TV series 'The Worker'?
On which far eastern island did Mick Jagger marry Jerry Hall?
What is the name of the heroine in the story of 'Beauty and the Beast'?
Whose portrait (apart from the Queen) appeared on the now defunct one pound note?
What was advertised on TV by David Bowie's wife Iman?
Which bird, in relation to its size, has the thickest skull?
Whose hit 'I Will Survive' became an anthem for Women's' Lib?
Which group had a hit in the 1980s with 'Everybody Wants To Rule The World'?
Which 1969 film, based on a stage musical, marked the directorial debut of Richard Attenborough?
Which famous writer of children's books also made serious natural history studies of fungi and lichens?
"Which US President was nicknamed ""the Gipper""?"
"In the film of the same name, what was the name of ""The Hustler""?"
"In 1999, whom did William Hague describe as ""a candidate of probity and integrity""?"
Which famous chemist was executed in the French Revolution?
What was the name of Elvis Presley's twin brother?
Who was the first Astronomer Royal?
Who wrote the play The Three Sisters?
What is the common name for the garden flower echinacea?
Give the surname of the classical music piano soloist sisters, Katia and Marielle?
By what name is the garden flowering plant hypericum commonly known?
In which African country is the Danikil Desert?
What was the middle name of Senator Edward M Kennedy, who died in August 2009?
"Which composer, born in Grenoble in 1803 wrote ""Benvenuto Cellini"", the first of his three operas?"
Which actress and singer is known as Li Lo?
Which well known 1987 film, featured a character named Private Pyle, played by Vincent D'Onofrio?
In which European capital city are the Hofburg Imperial Palace and St Stephen's Cathedral to be found?
The body of which US President, who died in 1885, lies in Riverside Park in Manhattan, in the largest mausoleum in North America?
Which river enters the North Sea at Whitby in North Yorkshire?
In which part of New York city is Brooklyn situated?
Which is the highest prime number less than 100?
"Who was appointed Chief Constable of Merseyside in 2004, and left the post in 2009, after being made an ""Inspector of Constabulary"" by the Queen?"
Which was the first of the Mr. Men characters to be created by cartoonist Roger Hargreaves?
In the Bible, where was Jesus betrayed by Judas, and subsequently arrested?
"What was advertised on TV as, ""A newspaper, not a snooze paper""?"
"Which Welsh actor portrays David Frost in the 2008 film, ""Frost/Nixon""?"
"In the TV series, ""Dad's Army"", what was the name of Captain Mainwaring's wife?"
In which field of the arts has American born Annie Leibovitz achieved fame?
Give a year in the reign of King Richard I of England (The Lionheart)?
"Which long running TV series is introduced by a piece of music entitled, ""At the Castle Gates""?"
Who succeeded Nikita Kruschev as leader of the Soviet Union in1964?
From which musical does the song 'Younger than Springtime' come?
Fletcher Christian, the Bounty mutineer and the poet William Wordsworth were both born in which Cumbrian town?
Which palace, built by Cardinal Wolsey, was home to Henry 8th and is supposedly haunted by two of his wives?
The Scottish football club Ferranti Thistle joined the Scottish Football League in 1974 as Meadowbank Thistle; in 1995 they relocated and changed their name to what?
Silkworms feed on the leaves of which tree?
What was the name of the Edinburgh dog that watched over his owner's grave for 14 years?
The name of which Chinese dish translates as 'bits and pieces'?
What is the name of the drunken robot in the TV series Futurama?
Dr Gunther Van Hagens caused controversy on TV by performing which medical procedure live?
In GB Shaw's Major Barbara in which army was Barbara a major?
Which foreign car manufacture has a rams head on its badge?
The city of Leeds stands on which river?
From which continent does the world's smallest bear the Sun Bear originate?
Who invented the wind-up radio?
What is the medical name for the breastbone?
Who wrote the book His Dark Materials?
"In 1743, which English monarch began the tradition, of the audience rising to its feet, for Handel's ""Hallelujah Chorus""?"
Who is currently the Prime Minister of New Zealand?
When Brian Deane scored the first ever goal in the Premier League in 1992, against Man Utd., for which club was he playing?
"""Holding Back the Years"", was a US No 1 hit record for which British pop group?"
"The novel, ""Birdsong"", by Sebastian Faulks, is mainly set during which war?"
"In 2007, who became the first female to deliver football commentary on BBC's ""Match of the Day""?"
"""A Whiter Shade of Pale"" was the 1967 debut single for which successful British band?"
"Give either year of the England cricket team's ""Bodyline"" tour of Australia."
In which classic book does a boy hide in a ship's barrel of apples?
Which playwright and poet became President of his country in 1989?
"Who had a UK No. 1 hit in 1977 with ""Silver Lady""?"
Which element takes its name from the Persian for 'gold coloured'?
Who, in 1936, painted a portrait of Mae West in which her face is also a furnished room?
In which country would you find the Plain of Jars?
"What was the sequel to 'Tom Brown's Schooldays""?"
According to the Bible, how many stones did David pick up before he faced Goliath?
Of what type of rock is the Rock of Gibraltar made?
"""Aimee Anne"" are the first names of which currently successful British female singer?"
John Chapter 11 Verse 35 is the shortest verse in the Bible. How many words make up the verse?
Which British Prime Ministers death is commemorated on 19th April, Primrose Day?
What title was given to the eldest son of a Russian Czar?
"Which English comedian/actor said ""Girls are like pianos. When they're not upright they're grand""?"
What type of animal is a saluki?
Which passenger liner was torpedoed and sunk on 7th May 1915?
Coined in the Gold Factory in Surbiton in Surrey, which patriotic 'slogan became part of a national campaign in 1968?
Who lived from 1895 to 1973, directing films such as the 1929 version of Stagecoach, The Grapes of Wrath and the Quiet Man?
Who in 1476 brought his painting press from Bruges to London?
What was the name of the family in the 1960s TV series `Upstairs Downstairs'?
In which constituency did Shirley Williams become the first elected MP for the SDP?
"The first line of which book is, ""Christmas won't be Christmas, without any presents, grumbled Jo, lying on the rug""?"
Richard Joseph Daley was the infamous mayor of which major US City in the 1960's?
What name is given to the road junction in North Yorkshire, where the Al meets the A66?
"Which actor, best known for his role in ""The Godfather"" series of films, shares his name with a member of TV's ""Dragon's Den""?"
What was the name of the container ship that foundered off the SW coast of England in Early 2007?
Who, during a radio microphone test in 1984 said, 'I just signed legislation which outlaws Russia forever The bombing begins in five minutes?
Which American city has districts called Financial, Mission, Japantown and Richmond?
On TV who played the private eye Jim Rockford?
Which English football league club is based in Burslem?
Lutra lutra is the Latin name of which British mammal?
Which country's national flag features a dragon?
Which was the first group to have a number one hit in the USA for Motown Records?
What was the name of the older brother of Henry 8th?
Who wrote One-upmanship and The Theory and Practice of Gamesmanship?
Nine of the ten tallest buildings in Germany are in which city?
Which river flows from northern Moscow to the Caspian Sea?
In children's cartoons, which character lives in a pineapple under the sea?
Which actor was the fifth Doctor Who from 1982-1984, and in that role often wore Edwardian cricket costume?
Who, on 23rd July 2009, became the leading Australian batsman, having accumulated more runs in 1st class cricket than the legendary Don Bradman?
Which famous scientist lived at Down house in Kent?
Which team opposed Bolton Wanderers in the 1923 'White Horse' F.A.Cup Final at Wembley?
Which steamship, in 1847, was the first to circumnavigate the globe?
Where in the human body might you develop Meibomian cysts?
Bithynia was an ancient province on which sea?
Which American state borders on only one other state?
Fleurie, Morgon and Brouilly are wines from which French wine region?
What is the meaning of the word crepuscular?
Which post in England and Wales is held by Anne Owers?
What is the origin of the word Punic as in the Punic Wars?
Which scientist said 'I don't know what weapons World War 3 will be fought with, but World War 4 will be fought with sticks and stones'?
In what year was the Battle of Stamford Bridge?
Who narrated the BBC television production of Paddington?
Who played the female lead in the 1957 film 'An Affair To Remember'?
In the abbrevation SPCK - for what does the 'K' stand?
In which part of the body will you find the 'Ligamentum nuchae'?
Which Spanish philosopher and writer wrote 'Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it'?
Clement (Clym) Yeobright is a leading character in which novel?
Summerisle is the setting for which 1973 horror film?
Born in 1947, James Jewel Osterberg is a rock/punk pop singer better known by what name?
Who is the author of the Twilight series of best-selling books?
Wisent is an alternative name for which animal?
In which country can you find Westmorland in Cornwall and Manchester in Middlesex?
What was the name of the scientist who discovered radiation belts around the Earth at a height of approximately 10,000 miles?
Edward Stanley served three terms as Prime Minister in the 19th century, he was known by what title?
What was invented in 1907 by Murray Spangler?
Which long-running British TV crime series was created by writer Glen Chandler?
Other than a film soundtrack, which pop album has spent most weeks in the UK Album Charts in total?
Described as 'the paramount icon of our age', who did 'Time' Magazine name as the person of the 20th century?
Who was the Vanity Fair photographer responsible for the cover featuring a naked, pregnant Demi Moore?
As what is the medical condition pertussis more commonly known?
Name the Latvian born dancer from the Kirov Ballet who defected to the West in 1974.
The songs 'My Funny Valentine' and 'The Lady is a Tramp' were first featured in which Rodgers & Hart musical?
In which year was the £2 coin issued and introduced in the UK, although minted in the previous year?
Who was the only fictional character to feature in Time Magazine's 100 most important people of the 20th Century?
In which field of the arts is Terry O'Neill a leading name?
"Which European capital's English name is taken from ""black pool"" in its native language?"
Which English football league club play their home games at Gigg Lane?
Which chemical element, atomic number 74, used to be called Wolfram?
Who won Oscars for directing Platoon (1986) and Born on the Fourth of July (1989)?
During which conflict was the battle of Agincourt fought?
The ashes of author Alfred Wainwright were scattered on the summit of which Lake District fell?
The seven sisters known as the 'Pleiades' were the daughters of which legendary figure?
Which controversial movement was founded in 1928 by the Spaniard Josemaria Escriva de Balaguer y Albas?
Which British periodical was founded by Joseph Addison and Richard Steel in 1711, the current magazine bearing the title was launched in 1828?
In which country was the 2010 football African Nations Cup held?
Which rust free cars were built in Dunmurry, Northern Ireland in the late 1970s?
Which British Prime Minister was born in Portsmouth in 1912?
"During an infamous court case who said of Lord Astor's denial ""Well he would, wouldn't he""?"
Who was the Republican Presidential Nominee in the 2008 American Election?
What was the nickname of Henry Percy, the eldest son of the first Earl of Northumberland?
What was the stage name of the British comedian Chaim Reuben Weintrop?
Which Spanish artist painted the 'Rokeby Venus', completed in 1651?
How did Dr Conrad Murray make the news in unwelcome circumstances in 2009-10?
Snail porridge is a dish associated with which famous chef?
A bird described as a 'palmiped' has which characteristic feature?
Who created the Barry McKenzie cartoon strip in the 1960s?
Who wrote the political autobiography 'Pulling No Punches'?
Who wrote the political autobiography Speaking For Myself?
Which country, a member state of the EC, is noted for the production of the rich dessert wine Commandaria?
Basutoland is now known as what?
The Humber bridge forms part of which A road?
Clarke Carlisle and Neil Mackenzie are both professional footballers that have
Charleston is the capital of which US state?
Which comedian/presenter's biography is called At My Mothers Knee?
Who lead the enquiry into the Iraq war?
What special name is given to Tibetan monks?
In which country are the ruins of the ancient city of Carthage?
What was the Elephant Man's real name?
Which force were defeated by the Athenians at the Battle of Marathon in 490BC?
Which real life astronaut was played by Tom Hanks in the film 'Apollo 13'?
Which boxer was portrayed b Robert De Niro in the film 'Raging Bull'?
From which 1976 musical does the song 'Oh What a Circus' come?
What was the name given to the German annexation of Austria in 1938?
Which city was known as Edo before assuming its current name in 1868?
Which 20th Century U.S. President was a Peanut Farmer?
Which Aztec ruler was deposed by Cortez?
What was Groucho Marx's real first name?
"According to the song lyrics where can ""you check out any time you like, but you can never leave""?"
The Glen Frey song Danger Zone is used in which film?
When Alexander the Great had an Empire to which Asian Country did it stretch?
Who was the woman who was, at one time, the leader of the trade union SOGAT?
Name the English war artist who painted 'Totes Meer' and 'Battle of Britain'.
In Greek mythology what was the name of the goatlike man with pointed ears, horns and a tail?
Who composed the symphonic poem `Dance Macabre'?
According to Greek myth, who built the labyrinth on Crete for King Minos?
Name the 2003 Turner Prize winning artist whose alter ego is Claire?
Zamalek is a top football club from which African country?
Which bird is known in French as 'merle'?
What name is given to the bridge design, such as Tower Bridge, with a divided lifting roadway?
The Spanish La Liga football club Villarreal share their nickname with which Beatles song?
Which is the only country outside Africa where lions can be found in the wild?
Rene Belloq is the arch enemy of which movie hero in his first film?
In Camberwick Green on Children's TV who was the commander of Pippin Fort?
In Chigley on Children's TV who owned the steam railway and drove the steam engine 'Bessie'?
Espiritu Santo is the largest island of which island republic?
Which Mexican revolutionary was born Doroteo Arango in 1878?
According to TV advertising which company has the slogan, 'It's got our name on it'?
In music how many crotchets make up a semibreve?
Which metal is obtained from the mineral ore haematite?
Under what sign of the Zodiac is someone who has their birthday on Christmas Day?
For which minor sport do the USA and Europe compete annually for the Weber Cup?
Orange juice, galliano and which spirit are mixed together to make a Harvey Wallbanger cocktail?
In which city does the action of the Shakespeare play Measure for Measure take place?
Jazzman Joe Venuti pioneered which instrument in jazz?
What was the name of the American Presidential retreat before it was called Camp David?
In Yiddish, what is 'chutzpah? (Pronounced Hutzpa)
Give any year in the life of the painter Raphael.
What is thalassophobia a fear of?
Aneto, at 3404 metres, is the highest mountain in which mountain range?
In 2002, Chechen terrorists took more than 700 people as hostages in Moscow, what type of building were they in?
What is the surname of the father and son who rode Grand National winners, L'Escargot in 1975 and Bobbyjo in 1999?
Who won the gold medal in the women's Skeleton Bob at the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics?
Which disease of the central nervous system is named after the Englishman who wrote 'An Essay on the Shaking Palsy'?
In 2004, Chechen terrorists took schoolchildren hostage resulting in a shoot-out in which hundreds died, in which city was it?
X-Factor winner Joe McElderry failed to reach no 1 in the Christmas 2009 chart, which group did as a result of a concerted internet download campaign?
In 1926, Irish aristocrat Violet Gibson attempted but failed to assassinate which political leader?
Name the Mexican/American boxer, who retired from the ring in 2008, who is the only man to win world titles in six different weight divisions?
Who, in 2010, became the first batsman to score 200 runs in a limited overs international match?
Which Italian City is the setting of Shakespeare's 'Romeo and Juliet'?
Actor Norman Painting died in November 2009, which part in a log running radio series did he make his own?
At which school was Billy Bunter a pupil
At which Olympic games was synchronised swimming first included?
Who played Hotlips Houlihan in the 1972 film MASH?
In John Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress, where did the Giant Despair live?
In the sport of curling what name is usually given to the playing surface?
In the computing acronym WYSIWYG (wiziwig) what word is represented by both letter Ws?
How is Dihydrogen Monoxide better known?
What is the more common name for the disease variola?
Who was the American historian who devised the Decimal System for classifying books, in 1876?
Born Jose Zapata, but known by his middle names, which Colombian goalkeeper who scored three goals for his country is best remembered for his 'scorpion kick' performed at Wembley in 1995?
What official position was held by Winston Churchill at the start of both World War 1 and World War 2?
"In ""Some Like It Hot"", Tony Curtis and Jack Lemmon fled to Miami in drag after witnessing which well-known event?"
Which 2009 movie, the directorial debut of Sam Taylor-Wood, tell the story of the adolescence of John Lennon?
What two word name connects of all of the following: a brand of scotch whisky, Radio 2 DJ and a statue at the Pier Head, Liverpool?
In Ancient Greece what was a hoplite?
Give a year in the life of Miguel Cervantes, Spanish novelist, poet and playwright?
Which car company invented the three point seatbelt system, but refused to patent it, allowing all other car companies to use it free of charge in an effort to increase road safety?
What name is given to the unofficial accolade awarded to the fastest passenger ship to cross the Atlantic in the westbound direction?
Which is the only marsupial to be found in North America?
Cleeve Hill is the highest point in which range of English hills?
In which country is the Deccan Plateau?
How many Copa de America winners medals did Pele and Maradona win between them?
"Who wrote the novel ""Hawksmoor""?"
What car manufacturing company makes the model Octavia?
How many fences do horses need to encounter at the Grand National?
The Binet-Simon scale was the first test designed to assess what?
Titan is a satellite of which planet?
Who wrote the book 'LA Confidential'?
In cricket what is the term used for a ball bowled as an off break but designed to make the batsman think it's a leg break?
Which acid is found in apples?
What was the name of the Oscar-winning song 'performed' by Audrey Hepburn in `Breakfast at Tiffany's'?
What is the common name of the flowering plant Kniphofia?
Which car manufacturer produces models called Concerto, Inspire, Legend, Torneo, etc?
Which female succeeded John Prescott as Deputy Leader of the Labour Party in June 2007?
Who won the BDO World Professional Darts Championship in 2009. (his nickname is The Count')?
Macula degeneration affects which part of the human body?
What word describes making beautiful with ornaments, or to decorate, etc?
The two wives of King John of England shared which forename?
Name either of the tennis players who, in 2010, contested the longest ever professional match at Wimbledon,
"As whom did Andres Cornelius (""Dries"") van Kujik become better known?"
Who succeeded Brian Epstein as manager of The Beatles?
"Give the name of the character played by James Stewart in the 1946 film ""It's a Wonderful Life"""
What literary term means a sudden descent from the exalted to the ridiculous?
Which RAF rank equates to the Army rank of Major General?
Name the year: Hirohito dies; The Exxon Valdez runs aground; San Francisco suffers its worst earthquake since 1906.
Which sea lies off the Great Barrier Reef?
In January 2010, who became the first mother to win the Australian Open Tennis Championships since Evonne Goolagong in the 1970's?
"Which American writer chronicled the lives of the Glass family in works such as ""Franny and Zooey"", and ""Raise the Roofbeam, Carpenters""?"
Who, in the Bible, was the eldest son of Isaac?
"Who created the fictional character ""Tilly Trotter'?"
Who was Poet Laureate for 37 years from 1930-1967?
Which is the smallest country in area in mainland Africa?
Who partnered Jo Durie when she won the Wimbledon mixed doubles title in 1987?
Which UK international airport has the code PIK?
Which writer had a dog called Flush?
Which is the smallest marine mammal?
There are two gymnastics' events in the Olympic games that men compete in but women don't - one is the pommel horse name the other.
What is the residence of the Duke of Devonshire?
Justine Thornton is the fiancee of which politician?
Which car manufacturer produces the Jimmy model?
Haematite is an ore of which metal?
Who judged Aphrodite more beautiful than Hera or Athena?
Who played the lawyer Miranda Hobbes in the TV series 'Sex and the City'?
Who was the son of Edward III and father of Henry IV?
In which city did Field Marshal Freidrich Paulus surrender in January 1943?
The willow tree belongs to which genus?
In Milton's 'Paradise Lost' what is the name of the Capital of Hell?
Which German island was traded for control of Zanzibar by Great Britain in 1890?
The internal angles of an octagon add up to how many degrees?
What type of creature is a Lion's Mane, found in the Arctic'?
Which short-legged dog was named after the 19th century parson who bred them?
What was the name of the second wife of Johnny Cash, who he married in 1968?
What was the middle name of ex-US President Gerald Ford?
In which country was singer Chris de Burgh born?
Which Briton won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1932?
Gamophobia is the fear of what?
Which car company makes the 'X-Trail'?
What is the capital of Rwanda?
Who was Pope during World War Two?
"Who plays the part of Ric Griffin in TV's ""Holby City""?"
KHI is the international code for which Asian airport?
Smock, post and tower are types of what?
What football team did Arsene Wenger manage immediately before Arsenal?
Ur was a major city of which ancient civilization?
The Clore Gallery at Tate Britain was built to house which painter's works?
What is the more common name for the plant called 'Convallaria Majalis?
Prior to Theo Walcott and Wayne Rooney, who was the youngest player to play football for England?
What was depicted on the reverse side of a pre-decimal halfpenny?
In 1842, what was ceded to Britain by the Treaty of Nanking?
From Dec.29th 2011 which country will move forward a time zone, a move designed to help trade with China, Australia and New Zealand?
In Arthurian legend, who threw Excalibur back into the Lake?
What nickname has been given to the Velodrome in the Olympic Park because of the shape of its roof?
The River Yarra flows through which city?
Which writer, whose Christian names were Clive Staples, was known to family and friends as 'Jack'?
The former cricket umpire Harold (Dicky) Bird played cricket for Yorkshire and which other county?
'90210' is a spinoff from a TV series set in which city in Los Angeles County California?
What nationality is Louis Oosthuizen the 2010 Open Golf Champion?
In Verdi's opera 'Rigoletto', what is the name of the daughter of the title character?
What decoration, a Cross, was first awarded in 1995 to Corporal Wayne Mills for his actions in Bosnia?
Who was the last British Prime Minister to represent a Welsh constituency?
Who is the Vice President, and High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy?
Who is the patron saint of music? (Feast Day 22nd November)
"Who wrote the 1993 Booker Prize winning novel ""Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha""?"
What is the name of the large sandbank, located 62 miles off the coast of north east England in the North Sea?
Which musical work of 1898 features a section called 'Nimrod'?
In Italian cookery, what name is given to soft dumplings made from semolina or wheat flour?
Which daily newspaper was founded in 1903 by Alfred Harmsworth as a 'newspaper for women, run by women'?
"In which 1932 movie did Greta Garbo say I want to be alone""?"
How many dot positions are usually used in each letter of the Braille system?
Who was the first Best Actor Oscar winner to win in consecutive years?
Hawley Harvey were the first names of which criminal?
What was the occupation of Gunga Din, in Rudyard Kipling's poem?
Which country scored the first goal in the 2010 World Cup tournament?
What was the name of the huge beast, probably a hippo, described in the Book of Job?
In computing, what started life at Stanford University as 'backrub'?
Edward Oxford and Rodney Maclean, et al, tried to assassinate which British monarch?
Which month of the year came second in the Roman calendar?
Tina Turner Highway, Tennessee, links Brownsville and which town?
What do we call the vegetable called the rutabaga in America?
Who won the 1952 US Presidential election?
Who wrote the Napoleonic war novels featuring Stephen Maturin?
In which city in the UK is the National Railways Museum?
What was the four-word sign famously hung in the campaign war room during
Which boxer was the first to defeat Mike Tyson in a professional fight, in February 1990?
"In the book by L. M. Montgomery, in which Canadian province is ""Anne of Green Gables"" set?"
Which English football team has played home games at St. Andrew's Stadium since 1906?
Three of the contiguous states of the USA have Pacific coastlines. Washington and California are two. Which is the third?
Who has been Archbishop of York since 2005?
How many balls are used in bar billiards?
Who was the French composer of the ballet Giselle?
On a standard dartboard, how many scoring sections are there?
Who was British Prime Minister when Abraham Lincoln delivered the Gettysburg Address in 1863?
What is the English translation of the place name Las Vegas?
Who was the first British golfer to win the US Masters?
Merak and Dubhe, known as the 'Pointer stars' are in which constellation?
Ray Harryhausen is famous in the world of cinema for what?
"Who's 2010 autobiography was called ""What You See Is What You Get'?"
Which is the only mythical creature found in the Chinese zodiac?
Buenos Aires is located on the estuary of which river?
Give a year in the life of author H P Lovecraft?
A footpad was a criminal from the 16th to 19th century but what term is used to describe them today?
In the Muslim religion what name is given to an invisible spirit that appears in either human or 'animal form?
Which music act took its name from a Bernard Cribbins hit record?
What geological period, named after an English county, was 416-360 million years ago?
Which monarch said 'Will no-one rid me of this turbulent priest'?
Krakatoa is part of which country?
What Gaelic word which means 'bad ale' is given to an unlicensed Irish drinking house?
In which Thomas Hardy novel does Michael Henchard appear?
Which island is particularly associated with the artist Paul Gauguin?
"Which character who featured in the first ever edition of the radio programme 'The Archers' ""died"" in February 2010?"
Which Alfred Hitchcock film reaches its climax on Mount Rushmore?
In which mountains does the Loire river rise?
What name has been given to the previously unknown species of man found in Russia 2010?
Which 'literary' nickname has been given to the extinct species of man, discovered in Indonesia 2003, named Homo Floresiensis?
"""A Shropshire Lad"" is a work of poetry by whom?"
"Whose memoirs, published in 2010, were called ""A Journey""?"
The 'Speedcell' was the name of the official match ball in which tournament?
"What was the title to John Buchan's sequel to ""TheThirty Nine Steps""?"
Who was the first Scotsman to appear on a Bank of England banknote?
Which character from a comic strip had the real name Marmaduke, Earl of Bunkerton?
When was the first stamp, the Penny Black, issued in Britain?
What links 1st January 1660 and 31st May 1669?
A wisp or walk is the collective noun for which group of birds? Latin name gallinago gallinago.
Who, according to legend, cut the Gordian Knot?
In Greek mythology which king of Corinth was compelled to eternally roll a large boulder up a hill only to watch it roll down again?
"""Love Never Dies"" is the sequel to which stage musical?"
Who created the TV drama series Downton Abbey?
Rebecca Front plays Detective Chief Superintendent Innocent in which TV series?
In 2010 which country saw the Red Shirt Rebellion?
The advance south into England by Bonnie Prince Charlie in 1745 reached approximately as far as the Swarkstone Bridge on which major English River?
Who won the young PFA player of the year 2011?
"From which Shakespeare play does the line ""A plague on both your houses"" come?"
How many Brandenburg Concertos did Bach write?
The Zugspitze is the highest mountain in which country?
How many symphonies did Brahms compose?
What make of car is Kylie Minogue advertising in 2011?
In which city is Nevil Road County Cricket Ground?
What is the name of Long John Silver's parrot in Treasure Island?
The Bir Tawil Triangle lies between two countries, neither of which claims it. Name either.
What was the surname of the Alice - the inspiration of Alice in Wonderland?
Mswati III is the king of which African country?
What is the star sign of the date of the Battle of Waterloo?
What sort of plants belong to the genus Ilex?
What play was President Lincoln watching the night he was assassinated in 1865?
'If you have a problem, if no-one else can help, and if you can find them'; then maybe you could hire who, on TV in the 1980s?
Hong Kong is one of two 'special administrative regions' of China; what is the other?
`Sufferin' succotash' is a catchphrase of which cartoon cat?
Derailleur systems are the gears on what type of device?
The effectiveness of what product is measured in terms of SPF?
What is the result of raising any number to the power of zero?
What 1859 historical novel contains chapters called 'Knitting', 'Still Knitting' and 'The Knitting Done'?
Andy Warhol factory members Holly Woodlawn, Candy Darling, Joe Dallesandro, Joe Campbell and Jackie Curtis were the real people who inspired which 1972 song?
What consumer electronics product shares its name with the common name of the fruit Rubus Fructicosis?
On average, a Big Mac contains 178 of what ingredient?
The naval Battle of the Saints took place in which decade of the 18th century?
In popular music how is Paul Hewson better known?
The naval Battle of Coronel took place during which war?
The Corryvreckan whirlpool lies to the north of which Scottish island?
Who composed the opera `L'Elisir d'Amore'?
Which of the United States of America is known as the Old Colony State?
For her performance in which film did Natalie Portman win the 2011 Oscar for Best Actress?
If you slam-dunked which game would you be playing?
Len Martin, who read the football results on BBC from 1958 until his death in 1995, was succeeded in the job by whom?
Which TV and film character has a blood group T Negative? (the same as his father with some human elements)
What was found by Basil Brown on the land of Mrs Edith Pretty near Woodbridge in Suffolk in 1938-9?
Which Hollywood film star advertises 'Qantas' airlines and is a qualified pilot?
The state of a plant grown in the dark with yellow leaves and long thin stems is known as what?
Dame Elizabeth Frink (1930-1993) was famous for which art form?
'The Castle of Otranto' often called the first gothic novel, was written in 1764 by whom?
Which zodiac sign is between Libra and Sagittarius?
What is a honey locust?
Which American politician said 'Some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it'?
Who 'was the second Englishman to run a mile in under 4 minutes?
What is the collective name for a group of hawks or falcons?
Who was king of Great Britain and Ireland when the American colonies were lost?
Who won the 1997 Booker prize for the novel 'The God of Small Things'?
Which group became the first to reach Number One with their first five singles?
The Bet365 Gold Cup, formerly the Beffred and the Whitbread Gold Cup, is the last major 'race of the National Hunt season. On which course is it run?
Which is the only country on mainland Europe to be in the same time zone as the UK?
Which British athlete won the gold medal in the Women's Javelin at the 1984 Olympic Games?
In the Sudanese wars, which British general won the Battle of Omdurman?
Willow, Reed, Grasshopper, and Dartford are species of which bird?
From which common English tree are cricket stumps traditionally made?
Which modern musical instrument was developed from the shawm?
Which English king was married to Eleanor of Castile?
In chemistry, what are elements called when they have a greater atomic number than uranium?
In which book did Edgar Linton marry Catherine Eamshaw?
Which Arctic whale has a long, straight, helical tusk extending from its upper left jaw?
Which vegetable has varieties called Royal Favourite and Walton Mammoth?
Which pop singer shot himself to death in 1990 whilst suffering from depression?
What do Americans call what we call a megaphone?
Which African country's flag is red with a green star in the centre?
"""Getting to Know You"" is a song from which film?"
Which invention made Carlton C McGee famous in 1935?
Who was the first man to win Olympic Gold Medals at 200 metres and 400 metres?
Who hosts the TV quiz show 'Cleverdicks'?
Who, in May 2006 when aged 17 years and 75 days, became the youngest footballer to play for England?
Which woman was the singer with Big Brother and the Holding Company?
Gary Busey played which pop star in a 1978 film?
Appointed in 2009 who is the Archbishop of Westminster?
The opera Carmen was first performed in which decade?
Political leader Mustafa Kemal is better known by what name?
Crocodile, goblin and greenland are types of which fish?
Yigal Amir assassinated whom in 1995?
What was the previous occupation of comedian Jim Bowen?
The ancient Greek writer Apollonius of Perga wrote on which subject?
Laila Morse is the sister of which actor?
What ancient monument and tourist attraction would you see at Carnac in northern France?
Bernie Ecclestone and Flavio Briatore were at one time co-owners of which Premier League club?
Give a year in the life of silent comedian Buster Keaton.
What is the name of the town in which the Meerkats live in the adverts for comparethemarket.com?
In which organisation would you find people nicknamed The Fox, The Snake, The Bull and The Weasel?
Which was the last non-capital city to host the Summer Olympic Games?
What is the capital of the French region of Burgundy?
How many symphonies did Jean Sibelius complete?
Which Dickens novel's opening chapter is 'In Chancery' with a description of a foggy and muddy London street?
What was the capital of Poland prior to Warsaw?
2012 is the Chinese year of which creature?
Who is the only Scotsman to have been European Footballer of the Year (now called the Ballon d'Or)?
In the British Army, which commissioned rank is indicated by a crown on each shoulder?
Following the break-up of The Beatles, what was the title of George Harrison's first solo album?
In Greek Mythology who was the princess rescued from the Sea Monster by Perseus?
What is the name of the stretch of water which separates Corsica from Sardinia?
An 18th century innovation what is the method of gilding furniture and clocks known as?
What was the value of the former British coin the groat?
Who is the patron saint of cobblers?
In what country is Romansch an official language?
Which mischievous fairy, also called Robin Goodfellow, appears in Shakespeare's 'A Midsummer Night's Dream'?
Which French composer and pupil of Saint-Saens is best known for his requiem?
In which English country is the country house Dorneywood?
Which actress is the mother of actress Carrie Fisher?
Which capital city of the Americas lies furthest west?
Who was the first Briton to win the Nobel Prize for Medicine for his work on malaria?
If you had a Shiraz, a Baluch or a Bokhara in your house what would they be?
Prior to 1925, how was Oslo known?
Which brewery is based in Southwold, Suffolk?
Which is the smallest of the Great Lakes in area?
The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse are described in which book of the New Testament?
The term 'the fourth wall' would be used for an imaginary wall in what type of building?
According to ancient Greek philosophers the universe was made up of five basic elements, earth, air, fire, water and which other?
Harper Seven, born in 2011, is whose daughter?
Which tree has the Lath name Taxus?
Who hit six sixes in one over at 2007 Cricket World Cup in the West Indies?
In transport what is classified using the Whyte Notation or the UIC Classification?
In which pastime/game would you use the Forsyth-Edwards Notation or the GBR code?
Who was the first Olympic heavyweight boxing gold medallist to become world professional heavyweight boxing champion?
Opened in 1963, which London nightclub did Mark Birley name after his then wife?
Which is the main river that flows through Munich?
Deborah Cavendish, Dowager Duchess of Devonshire is the last survivor of which family of siblings?
"Which Gilbert and Sullivan operetta is sub titled 'The Witches Curse""?"
How many Imperial gallons are in a barrel of oil?
Common, Arctic and Sooty are all varieties of which bird?
Which Gilbert and Sullivan operetta is sub titled 'Bunthornes's Bride'?
In which year did John Stonehouse disappear and the Flixborough chemical plant exploded?
"Which of the United States is known as the ""Sunflower"" state?"
In which year was Olaf Palme assassinated and the Chernobyl nuclear power station exploded?
"Who played Luke Skywalker in the 1977 original ""Star Wars"" film?"
"Which musical is the sequel to ""The Phantom of the Opera""?"
Which car company manufacturers the Corolla model?
In which English county is Stonehenge?
Which city is known as the 'Pearl of the Danube'?
Which African country's capital is named after an American president?
The Tinta Barroca grape is chiefly used to make which drink?
In which castle is Shakespeare's' Hamlet' set?
In which city was Pablo Picasso born, in 1881?
In which building is Napoleon Bonaparte buried?
In the novel by Dumas, where was the Count of Monte Cristo imprisoned for 14 years?
In which 1980 film did Robert De Niro play the boxer Jake La Motta?
Which South Korean city was the venue of the 2011 World Athletics Championships?
Who directed the 2011 Palme d'Or winning film 'The Tree Of Life'?
In what decade was Darwin's 'On the Origin of Species' first published?
What was the nickname of United States General Joseph Stilwell?
Name the Danny Boyle biopic about a climber trapped by a boulder for more than five days?
Often seen of food packaging, what is the symbol for the British Farm Standard?
What name is given to the nine square mile area of West Yorkshire, between Wakefield, Morley and Rothwell, famous for growing a certain vegetable?
Which English king stole The Stone of Scone from Scone Palace?
Which 1969 film concerns the dance marathon competitions during the Depression Era in America?
Name the private gardens adjoining Windsor Castle which housed the Royal Mausoleum, the burial place of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert?
Cardonagh, the most northerly town in Ireland is in which county?
Name either trade unions which merged in 2007 to form the union Unite?
Which island off Cape Cod was once the site of the world's biggest whaling port?
Which woman's Wimbledon runner up was stabbed on court in Hamburg in 1993?
Defence Secretary Liam Fox resigned in October 2011, who was his best-man and adviser whose presence at many official engagements led to the resignation?
In November 2011, Wigan rugby league player Sam Tomkins made his rugby union debut in a 'one-off' game playing for which team?
Which rugby league team will play at Langtree Park in 2012?
Pearl is composed of minute crystals of which compound?
Who was the friend of Little Jackie Paper?
The folk song Johnny Todd is the signature tune for which 60s TV cop series?
Who was the first overseas manager to win the Premier League title?
Actress and writer Dulcie Gray was married to whom?
Which Verdi opera is based on La Dame aux Camellias by Alexandre Dumas fils?
The ESA was 35 years old in 2010. For what does the S stand?
Which Gilbert and Sullivan opera has the alternative title 'The Lass that Loved a Sailor'?
Who in 1624 wrote the line 'No man is an island'?
What is the capital of Togo?
In what year did Pope John Paul II die?
Which British prime Minister wrote two novels 'Coningsby' and 'Sybil' in the 1840s?
What name is given to the elements with atomic numbers from 89 to 103 in the periodic table?
Which baseball team won the World Series in 2011?
In French cookery what name is given to a Béchamel sauce with shredded or grated cheese?
Which canal links the Ionian and Aegean seas?
Elizabeth Gaskill based her fictional village 'Cranford' on which place in Cheshire?
Who discovered the planet Uranus?
As at 2010 who is the MP for Belfast West?
Kwells tablets are taken to prevent which ailment?
The German's called it the Siegfried Line, what did the allies call it?
Which Bishop of the Church of England signs his first name followed by Roffen?
The March sisters are the central characters in which 1868 novel?
What are young squirrels known as?
Which insects live in a vespiary?
"What was the name of the dog in the novel 'Three Men in a Boat""?"
Highclere Castle in Hampshire is the filming location for which current ITV1 series?
Which island produces Marsala wines?
Who is the only actress to win 4 Oscars for Best Actress?
Slivovitz is a brandy distilled from which fruit?
What is the most common gas in the Earth's atmosphere?
Britain's first jet fighter, The Meteor was made by which company?
Who was the first bowler to take 300 test wickets?
The pasta, farfalle, is named after which creature?
Dutch Motor Racer Maurice Gatsonides invented which aid to racing that has become a curse to drivers?
Hans Langsdorff commanded which pocket battleship in WWII?
The duck billed platypus is one egg laying mammal - what is the only other one?
Who was Britain's first black boxing champion in the 1950's?
'Citizen Smith' was the creation of which TV writer?
What name connects 'Cold Comfort Farm, stamp collecting and ancient Rome?
Author Thomas Hardy trained for which profession?
What product is obtained from the tree Hevea Braziliensis' (amongst others)?
In the Harry Potter books, what type of creature is Aragog?
What is the second Monday in October called in the USA?
The London restaurant Le Gavroche is run by which chef?
What name is given to a figure of speech by means of which contradictory terms are combined?
Holy Roman Emperor Charles VI created which principality in 1719?
Who produces the `Agila' car model?
Whose cottage features in Constable's painting 'The Hay Wain'?
Which lake in the Lake District is separated from Crummock Water by a narrow alluvial flat?
Which jockey, later famous in another sphere, rode Devon Loch in the 1956 Grand National?
Which teacher taught Helen Keller to communicate?
Give a year in the life of the sculptor and wood carver Grinling Gibbons.
The River Jordan flows into which sea?
What was Shakespeare's shortest play - written in 1594?
Who was housekeeper to Sherlock Holmes?
Which French winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature, famously dedicated it to his primary school teacher?
Who, in 1434, painted 'The Marriage of Giovanni Arnolfini' which now hangs in the National Gallery, London?
Montmorency is a variety of which fruit?
What was the name of John Bunyan's autobiography, written in Bedford Gaol and published in 1666?
How many characters are there in the Russian Cyrillic alphabet?
The port of Immingham is to be found on which estuary?
Which architect designed the new London building known as the 'Shard'?
Name the year; Dunblane massacre, IRA bomb in Manchester city centre, the first cloned mammal, Dolly the sheep, was born?
What was the capital of West Germany from 1949 to 1990?
What is added to a martini to make a 'Bronx' cocktail?
Arthur Seaton is the hero of which 1958 novel set in Nottingham?
Who was the suffragette killed during the 1913 Derby?
The world's deepest known cave is in which country?
In which country is Europe's highest waterfall?
What was the title of Status Quo's first UK No. 1 hit?
Libya was a colony of which country from 1911 to 1947?
What was the name of the democratic government of Germany in the 1920s and early 1930s, destroyed by Adolf Hitler?
What is the maximum number of raised dots in a cell in Braille?
Which square in Cairo became the focal point for the uprising against President Mubarak?
Operation Barbarossa, Hitler invades Russia.
What was the French sounding winner of the 2011 Epsom Derby?
Which artist's-works include Sunflowers and Pears and Street in Tahiti?
Which European country's flag is a blue cross on a white background?
Who won Celebrity Big Brother in 2011?
Metz is the capital of which region of France?
Which League 2 football team play home games at the New York Stadium?
Who was British Prime Minister at the end of the Second World War?
Dmitri, Ivan and Alexei are the eponymous central characters of which 1880 novel by Fyodor Dostoyevsky?
What is the flavour of the liqueur Triple-Sec?
"Which recreational item was, in its early days in the USA, known as""The Whirlo-Way"" and ""The Pluto Platter'?"
Who is the present Prime Minister of the Irish Republic?
Which Championship Football League club is based at the King Power Stadium?
John Sell Cotman was a leading member of which group of artists?
Give a year in the reign of King Henry IV
In advertising what is said to refresh the parts others fail to reach?
"From which film musical does the song ""A Couple of Swells"" come?"
White Gem is a variety of which vegetable?
Whose 1995 best seller argues that our universe is part of a super universe?
Who is the oldest person to have a number one hit in Britain?
Which organisation is the largest private land owner in Britain?
Tybalt is a character in which of Shakespeare's plays?
We use oven gloves in the kitchen, what do Americans call them?
"From which musical film does the song ""Wooden Heart"" come?"
If a cricket match is curtailed because of inclement weather, what system is used to determine a result?
Which mythological creatures are half horse and half man?
Who designed the Adidas sportswear for the British Olympic and Paralympics teams at the 2012 London Games?
Which children's TV programme, which first appeared in November 1969, has won a record 122 Emmy Awards in all categories?
Which fictional character was shipwrecked when the 'Antelope' sank?
According to the Scaffold song 'Lily the Pink', who had 'terrible freckles'?
How is the London statue 'The Angel of Christian Charity' more commonly known?
From which Shakespeare play does the phrase 'the green-eyed monster' originate?
What is the name of the whirlpool in the Hebrides between Scarba and Jura, the third largest in the world?
Which tennis player founded the fashion label Aneres?
Goodge Street tube station is on which London Underground line?
In which year did Reference Point win the Derby and Maori Venture win the Grand National?
What is the name for the practice of water divining by deploying a deflecting stick?
Denmark has a single land border; with which country?
Who became Secretary -General of the Soviet Communist Party in 1985?
La Brabanconne is the national anthem of which country?
What was the name of the Russian Space Station, launched in 1986?
"""Don't be evil"" is the motto of which intemet company?"
Who scored Spain's winning goal in the final of the 2010 FIFA World Cup?
In which year did Nick Faldo win both the Open and the US Masters Championships?
On whose life is Somerset Maugham's 'The Moon and Sixpence' loosely based?
How is the American singer Anna Mae Bullock better known?
If you were to fly due east out of Rio de Janeiro, which country's coastline would you fly over first?
Which country joined the G7 government forum which then became the G8 in 1997?
Neil Kinnock's son Stephen is married to the Prime Minister of which Country?
Which football league championship side plays home games at Keepmoat Stadium?
Which enduring cartoon character was created by Bob Clampett for the 1938 cartoon Porky's Hare Hunt?
What was Michelle Obama's maiden name?
Who is the vice President of the,USA?
The name of which European capital city means Merchants Harbour?
Which popular newsreader resigned from ITN in 1979?
Who led a revolt against the Normans in 1070 from stronghold on the Isle of Ely? ,
Which company merged with BOAC in 1974 to form British Airways?
The currency of Venezuela is named after which revolutionary?
Esztergom was once the capital of which country?
In which year was Sputnik, the first man-made satellite, launched?
The Hunter Valley is which country's oldest wine region?
Which long-running British TV series, now disappeared from our screens, began as a 1983 one-off drama called Woodentop'?
Which former cabinet minister was debarred from Parliament because of irregularities in his 2010 election campaign for his Oldham East and Saddleworth constituency?
Which arid region of Ethiopia was invaded by Somalia in 1977?
In radio technology, what does the 'A' represent in 'DAB'?
Which model village did Samuel Greg build to house workers at his nearby Quarry Bank Mill?
Swede Gunder Hagg held the athletics world record for which event until the 6th May 1954?
Supposedly a hangover cure, which drink consists of a raw egg, Worcestershire sauce and typically a hot sauce with condiments?
On obtaining city status, St Asaph became the second city in the UK; which is the smallest?
Who wrote about his life in the army during World War 1 under the pseudonym 'Aircrafiman Ross'?
By what name was the artist Jacopo Comin (or Jacopo Robusti) better known?
Who gave his name to the scientific law that states that the pressure of a gas is inversely proportional to its volume at constant temperature?
Which King of England had two wives, both named Isabella?
In what capacity did author Ernest Hemingway serve during the First World War?
In 2011, who became the first artist to win the Mercury Music Prize twice, first winning it in 2001?
Which river meets the Rhine at the 'German Comer'?
Which Serbian football club is the only one from that country to win an UEFA completion?
What natural product consists of a vertical lattice of rhombic decahedra with a hexagonal cross sectional at the open end and walls less than 0.1mm thick?
The UK's longest National Trail, what path stretches 630 miles between Minehead and Poole Harbour?
Coxa is the medical name for which joint of the human body?
The armistice to end World War I was signed in November 1918 in a railway carriage in which French town?
Sheikh Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa is the reigning monarch of what country?
Who composed the 1884 'Holberg Suite'?
Made in Cornwall, Yarg cheese is wrapped in what?
The name of what woodwind instrument is also that of a type of bean?
Which Norwegian firm supposedly produced the first fleece fabrics in the 1960s?
To whom was the actress Carole Lombard married at the time of her death?
In an alphabetical list of world capital cities, which comes last?
In the cartoon series, what kind of dog is Scooby Doo?
What was the name of Gary Puckett's backing group?
"What is the traditional flavouring of ""water pudding""?"
"Which artist was known as ""Jack the Dripper'?"
"Which bishop signs himself ""Petriburg""?"
In which city are the baseball team the Dodgers based?
Her birth name was Margaret Hookham, known as Peggy. What was her more famous name?
Ikarus was the codename for the proposed German invasion of which country?
Who made the 1995 album 'Jagged Little Pill' which sold 33 million copies?
Which is the main sport played at the Basin Reserve in Wellington, New Zealand?
What is the name of the co-founder of Apple Computers who died in October 2011?
Which American won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2002?
Which contestant was first to be voted off the 2011 'Strictly Come Dancing' competition?
In which Indian city is Eden Gardens, the second largest test cricket ground in the world?
Which car manufacturer has its headquarters at Martorell near Barcelona?
Name the year; Baring's Bank collapsed, Blackburn Rovers won the Premier League and Cliff Richard was knighted?
Name the year; the Warrington bombings, Grand National cancelled after false starts and Arsenal beat Sheffield Wednesday in the finals of both major cup competitions?
Which treaty was signed in March 1918 signalling Russia's exit from World War 1?
The Drover's Arms featured in which 1970s and 80s BBC TV series?
What was the name of the meeting held in July 1945 to discuss punishment of Nazi Germany?
Which Russian composer wrote the ballets 'The Stone Flower' and 'Romeo and Juliet'?
Which brewery makes Hatters Mild and Unicorn Bitter?
If you were in Japan eating edamame, what would you be eating?
Which Scottish league team play their home game at Victoria Park and have the nickname The Staggies'?
Which brewery makes Lancaster Bomber and Wainwrights fine ale?
Amongst which composer's best known works are Danse Macabre and The Organ Symphony no 3?
Which American wit said, 'This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown with great force'?
"Who said ""You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on""?"
"To whom are the following words usually attributed ""A woman drove me to drink and I never- ad the courtesy to, thank her""?"
The Whitworth Art Gallery is in which English city?
Which opera star was born Claire Mary Teresa Rawstron in 1944?
Which was the first public building in England to have electric lights?
What sort of cross can be seen on a former flag of Hungary and the current flag of Slovakia?
The Melrose Cup is awarded in which ball sport?
"In which opera would you find the ""Anvil Chorus""?"
George Bush, American president 2001 to 2009, had what middle name?
Which motor manufacturer makes the Cee'd and Picanto models?
Which fruit has the alternative name the alligator pear?
Who was king of England from 1042 to 1066?
Which is the only cactus fruit that is widely eaten?
What name is given to a piece of land assigned as part of a clergyman's living?
Who became the first Prime Minister of an independent Bangladesh in January 1972?
"Who, in 1791, wrote ""The Life of Samuel Johnson""?"
"Which make of car is advertised under the slogan ""Vorsprung Durch Technik""?"
Of which country is Manama the capital?
In which musical is the main male character called Billy Bigelow?
At which school was Captain Hook educated?
In Greek mythology which of the Olympian gods was the goddess of fertility, agriculture, horticulture, grain and harvest?
Of which US rock band is Anthony Kiedis a founder member and lead singer?
Which British island was known to the Romans as Vectis?
Which British island was known to the Romans as Mona?
In Pride and Prejudice what was the first name of Mr Darcy?
In cooking Florentine means garnished with which vegetable?
Which US president had the middle name Rudolph?
In which town is the Octagon Theatre?
Who was the first female American astronaut?
What are cleeks and baffys?
Who won the best actress Oscar at the 2013 ceremony?
Anne Aston was a dizzy blonde hostess of which 1960s TV game show?
Rincewind and 'The Luggage' appear in which series of books?
Goosnargh Corn-fed Chicken and Duck is championed by chefs and five of the ten Lancashire cheese dairies listed by the British Cheese Board are located in Goosnargh parish, in which town or city is Goosnargh?
Name the French artist (1839-1906) whose painting 'The Card Players' is one of the most expensive ever sold?
Which ship did Drake command against the Spanish Armada?
Which song was the only UK No. 1 hit single for the Human League?
'An Island Parish' is a documentary series on BBC2, in which islands were the first four series set?
Which TV programme's 'experts' include Francis Prior and Phil Harding?
Who wrote the Mott The Hoople hit 'All The Young Dudes'?
Dao is a region of wine production in which country?
Moroni is the capital of which Indian Ocean island group?
Arthur Thistlewood led which failed conspiracy in 1820?
Who was the author of 'Daniel Deronda' published in 1876?
In Kipling's 'The Jungle Book' what kind of creature is Hathi?
What is the common name for the garden shrub pyracantha?
TV host Cat Deeley married which comedian in 2012?
In electromagnetism, which unit is found by multiplying volts by amperes?
Former Blue Peter presenter Konnie Hug married which presenter and comic writer in 2010?
The sea between Australia and New Zealand is named after an explorer of what nationality?
St Kitts and Nevis is the smallest country in the Americas, but what is the smallest country on the American continental land mass?
Introduced in 1908, for what does the B in the degree-equivalent course MBA stand?
What German battleship was sunk in December 1943 during the Battle of the North Cape, by HMS Duke of York and her escorts?
What German battleship was sunk in November 1944 by Barnes-Wallis' Tallboy bombs, dropped by Lancaster bombers?
Which UK city is traditionally associated with jute, jam and journalism?
What was the only British Number One single by The Four Tops?
Which famous conductor conducted the very first performance of Hoist's 'The Planets' in 1918?
What is 505 in Roman numerals?
Which TV detective was assisted by DS George Toolan?
In which district of East London did Jack the Ripper operate?
Who is the Queen's eldest grandchild?
Mitt Romney was Governor of which state 2003-7?
For what does the G stand in the navigational aid, usually known as a `GPS'?
Which word is used for the letter U in the phonetic alphabet?
In 1956, which peninsula was the first part of Britain to be designated an 'Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty'?
In the Sherlock Holmes book 'The Sign of Four', what is the 7% solution?
Who was the original base player with The Shadows?
What is the trophy awarded to the women's world team champions in badminton?
"Who painted ""Dedham Vale"" and ""The Valley Farm""?"
The male name Beau is a shortened version of what name?
High Willhays is the highest point of what National Park?
Precisely where were the Winter Olympics of 1932 and 1980 both held?
What is the title of Tony Blair's autobiography/memoir published in 2010, which covered events from 1994 to his resignation as Prime Minister?
'Paralympics' is a combination of Olympics and what other word?
Name one of the mascots of the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Malt whisky is made by distilling which grain?
Which fashion designer was suspended by Dior after making anti-semitic remarks in a Paris bar in 2011?
In 1825 which canal was opened, cutting travel time from New York City to the Great Lakes?
In which US TV series was Peter Graves greeted with the message 'Good morning, Mr Phelps '?
Which African city is served by O R Tambo airport?
The name of which island is thought to come from the Norse for 'puffin island'?
Who was on the English throne when Jack Cade led the Men of Kent in a short lived revolt?
Which product is advertised on TV with the slogan 'It does exactly what it says on the tin'?
Which man won a record 26 Academy Award 'Oscars'?
Which children's fictional character lives at 32, Windsor Gardens, London?
On a standard keyboard what symbol appears above the number 3?
Who is the only man to win a best actor Oscar playing brothers?
Who played the part of 'Fitz' in the TV series 'Cracker'?
Which car company has owned the Lagonda name since 1947?
Which BBC TV sitcom about a retired security guard was set at 37 Wyngate Drive in the first series then at 19, Riverbank for the final 5 series?
Which TV personality has written the best-selling autobiography 'My Animals and Other Family'?
Which American singer-songwriter wrote 'Sweet Baby James', the title track of his second album in 1970?
Which river enters the sea at Whitby in Yorkshire?
What is the name of the agreement under which passport controls have been abolished in 22 EU and 4 non-EU states?
In Greek mythology who was the god of the north winds?
Which fire-breathing creature of Greek mythology has the head of a lion, body of a goat and the rear of a dragon?
The flag of the Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya was what single colour?
Who was born at Villa Mon Repos, Corfu, in 1921?
Who was appointed Chief Secretary to the Treasury immediately after the 2010 General Election?
Hagar was the mother of which of Abraham's sons?
In which Bond film does the villain's car turn into a small aeroplane to enable him to escape?
Which word can be a golf term, a Space vehicle or a one time boy's comic?
Who is to host the series 'Sing for your Supper' on Channel 5?
"What name is given to the maxim ""employees tend to rise to their level of incompetence.""?"
In the nursery rhyme, which was the last creature eaten by the woman who swallowed a fly?
Which Japanese company has bought Horizon Nuclear Power and so has the contract to build nuclear power stations in Britain from 2015?
In which children's TV series does Shaggy appear?
Tessera are the individual pieces that go to make up what?
Who was the star of the film comedies 'The Navigator' (1924) and 'The General' (1927)?
According to L Frank Baum's 'The Wonderful Wizard of Oz', the Road to the City of Emeralds is paved with what?
What is the name of the Sunday before Easter Sunday?
Whom did Malcolm III kill in battle in 1057 to become King of Scotland?
Brown Willy is the highest point in which county?
Which Archbishop of Canterbury led the prayers for Diana, Princess of Wales at her 1997 funeral service?
Shining Tor is the highest point in which county?
Which river flows through Cork City where it splits in two for a short distance, creating an island on which Cork's city centre is built?
Which of England's 1966 World Cup winning footballers played for Fulham at the time?
Which archipelago in the North Sea belonged to Britain until 1990 when ownership passed to Germany?
In which US state is Harvard University?
A calcifuge is a plant that will grow best where?
What was the name of the frog in the children's TV series Hector's House?
To which group of primates do Aye Ayes belong?
Which classical author wrote the Anabasis?
In which country was there a secret police force called the Ton Ton Macoutes?
Which duo had a hit album entitled Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)?
Haiti and the Dominican Republic share which island?
At what age does an individual first become entitled to a free TV licence?
The name of a knot on a lasso is also the name of a Japanese motor manufacturer. What is the name?
Who was British Prime Minister at the time of the first Aldermaston ban the bomb march?
What species of fly has the Latin name calliphora vomitoria?
What was introduced by the Volstead Act?
Matthew Webb swam the English Channel and then drowned swimming where?
During the Falklands War which ship was the British flagship?
Which physicist's principle asserts that the momentum & position of a particle cannot both be precisely determined at the same time?
Who wrote the original novel 'The Phantom of the Opera' in 1910?
For which county did W G Grace play cricket for most of his career?
For which county did Ted Dexter play cricket for most of his career?
Which cocktail consists of rum, curacao and lime juice?
Which illness is commonly treated with the drugs lisinopril and ramipril?
The six series of which sitcom featuring Richard O'Sullivan, Paula Wilcox and Sally Thomsett were first broadcast in the 1970s?
Which National Trust property in Wiltshire was once owned by William Henry Fox-Talbot the pioneer of photography?
"In which year was the radio serial ""The Archers"" first broadcast nationally?"
The 27 episodes of which sitcom featuring Julia Mckenzie, Anton Rodgers and Ballard Berkley were first broadcast in the 1980s?
Which breakfast cereal was invented by William Davies in 1954?
Who presents the BBC4 cerebral quiz show 'Only Connect'?
John Crome was the main artist of which group of English painters, named after the city where he was born?
Which choral work by Handel, still used at coronations, was written originally for the Coronation of King George II in 1727?
La Soufriere is an active volcano situated on which West Indian island?
In which sport is the Vince Lombardi awarded?
Nagaland is a constituent state of which SE Asian country?
In which year were Queen Victoria and Prince Albert married; the uniform penny post introduced in the UK; Tchaikovsky was born?
Who originally provided the voice for TV's 'Basil Brush'?
Norfolk Black and Norfolk (or Cambridge) Bronze are what type of animal?
Name the year: Kate Middleton is born; Mail on Sunday first published; Laker Airways collapsed
What is Canada's most populous province?
Which indigenous people call their country Aotearoa?
Which British comic included Desperate Dan and Korky the Cat?
Who was Pope during most of the 1914-18 Great War, succeeding Pius X in September 1914?
The line 'The mirror crack'd from side to side' comes from which poem?
Which animal has breeds called Flemish Giant, French Lop and Netherland Dwarf?
What does someone with ophthalmophobia fear?
In measurement, a hand is equal to how many inches?
"Who presents ""The Unbelievable Truth"" on BBC Radio 4?"
What is the flavouring of the liqueur Amaretto?
Which island nation lost a day in Dec. 2011 by moving the International Date Line to their east?
Which Sanskrit word appears as a concept in both Buddhism and Hinduism, etc., and means Law or Natural Law?
Who hosts the ITV show 'Take Me Out'?
On board a ship, what is the purpose of the rope known as a halyard?
Which coastal West African country borders only Guinea and Liberia?
King Charles II nicknamed which US state (then colony) 'Old Dominion' for its loyalty to the Crown during the Commonwealth?
Which Roman Emperor succeeded his father Vespasian in 79?
Which US state was admitted to the Union in 1876, hence its nickname of 'the Centennial State'?
Which group was founded by Steve Marriott, Ronny Lane, Kenney Jones and Jimmy Winston, Winston soon being replaced by Ian McLagan?
In 2001 which movie was the first winner of the Best Animated Movie Oscar?
The Griffith Observatory is situated in what US City?
The Radio 5 Live show 'Fighting Talk' is hosted by which presenter?
What country borders only Romania and Ukraine?
What is an alternative name for vitamin B9, essential in promoting cell growth, particularly during pregnancy?
The Pilgrimage of Grace was a popular uprising in 1536, led by Robert Aske, in which city did it take place?
Which common English word is derived from the ancient Greek word meaning 'the area in front of the stage where the chorus performs'?
Andrew Robson writes a daily column for The Times on what topic?
The bones of King Richard III have been discovered under a car park in which English city?
Which Briton won the Nobel Prize for Literature in the 1980s?
In Rugby Union, how high, in metres, is the crossbar?
Which optical toy was first patented in 1817 by David Brewster?
Give a year in the life of poet and painter Dante Gabriel Rossetti.
Who was the narrator in the novel `Moby Dick'?
Which art movement was pioneered by Pablo Picasso and George Braque?
Who was the founder of Sikhism?
The youngest gold medalist for team GB at the 2012 Olympics, Jade Jones, won in which sport?
With regard to book titles, if TDVC is 'The Da Vinci Code', which E L James book is F S 0 G?
In musical terminology, what word describes sliding between two notes?
Which book begins 'When he was nearly thirteen my brother Jem got his arm badly broken'?
Who directed the first two Beatles' films 'A Hard Day's Night' and 'Help! '?
Which bass guitarist with the Animals became the manager of Jimi Hendrix?
Which female singer won her second Mercury Music Prize in 2011 for her album let England Shake'?
In which book, first published in 1961, would you find the character Milo Minderbinder?
Which constituency did Harold Macmillan represent when he was Prime Minister?
Which British motorcycle manufacture produced models called 'Bonneville' and 'Thunderbird'?
Which Scotsman became the first European to reach the River Niger in 1796?
Who was the UK Poet Laureate or the longest period?
Who had a UK No.1 hit with the instrumental 'Eye Level' in 1973?
Otology is a branch of medicine concerned with which part of the body?
In Channel 4's 1987 adaptation of Tom Sharpe's novel 'Porterhouse Blue', who played the part of Skullion the Head Porter?
According to the Guinness Book of Records, which European country's flag is the oldest?
Who wrote the 1984 Booker Prize winning novel 'Hotel Du Lac'?
Who is the current Director General of the BBC?
Which European country has the same flag as Chad - a blue, yellow and red tricolour?
Which American motor manufacturer's logo is the head of a ram?
Who, c1842, painted the picture Snowstorm - Steamboat off a Harbour's Mouth, now in the Tate?
What was the name of the car ferry that capsized whilst leaving Zeebrugge in 1987?
What type of animal is Wilbur in the story Charloffe's Web?
On a rail journey from London to Edinburgh from what London terminus station do you depart?
What musical term means in a majestic, stately or dignified manner?
What is the pen-name of the gossip columnist in the Daily Express, first written by Tom Driberg in 1928 and later Nigel Dempster in the 1960s?
Which US state is the least populated?
Which artist painted 'The Laughing Cavalier'?
Which artist painted 'Monarch of the Glen'?
With which pop group is Lou Reed associated?
The popular 'Humming Chorus' comes from which Puccini opera?
In one of Walter Scott's Waverley' novels what was The Heart of Midlothian?
Lucy Honeychurch is the heroine of which novel by E. M. Forster?
In which Verdi opera do the gypsies sing the 'Anvil Chorus'?
Who was the first President to be an American citizen from birth, having been born after the Declaration of Independence?
How many symphonies did Jean Sibelius compose?
Who was the original illustrator of A A Milnes's Minnie the Pooh' stories?
What type of exhibit can be seen in the military museum at Bovington in Dorset?
On which part of the body would a Japanese person wear a geta?
Which Gilbert and Sullivan opera has the alternate title 'Bunthome's Bride'?
The site of Carthage is now in a suburb of which modem capital city?
What is the currency of Israel?
In which country are the 2019 Rugby Union World Cup finals to be held?
The Song of Simeon canticle is also known by which Latin name?
Presented in February 2013, which film won the 2012 Best Film Oscar?
Which designer, artist and poet founded the Kelmscott Press in 1891?
What is the collective noun for a group of alligators?
In literature and films Admiral Sir Miles Messery was better known as what?
Which Australian cricketer scored a record number of runs for a number 11 batsman in a Test Match innings, during the first Ashes Test of 2013 at Trent Bridge?
Which desert lies between the Red Sea and the River Nile in Sudan?
Which disastrous amphibious landing in 1942 used British troops, Canadian troops and US Rangers?
Which food retailer uses the slogan 'We're good with food'?
Against which nation did Sachin Tendulkar score his 100th international century?
In which country was the inventor of the machine gun Hiram Maxim born?
Which April fool's joke did Richard Dimbleby report on in 1957?
Which English county is Bletchley Park, the WW II code-breaking centre?
On which island is President Ulysses S.Grant burled?
Which former Lancashire town (now in the Metropolitan Borough of Bury) holds an annual Black Pudding throwing contest?
Viva Forever' is a West End musical (2012) based on the music of 'which pop group?
Which actor took Russian citizenship in January 2013 amid a row over taxes in his native country?
To what country does the island of Leyte belong, known for the Battle of Leyte Gulf in WW2?
"What hit musical show includes ""The Lambeth Walk""?"
Who was editor of Cosmopolitan magazine for 32 years and wrote the book 'Sex and the Single Girl?
According to the late Dr Robert Atkins, what kind of nutrient will 'make you fat'?
Which lengthy narrative poem by Lord Byron describes the trials and reflections of a world weary young man?
In which sport do commentators talk about the 'Corridor of uncertainty'?
Which playwright wrote Murder in the Cathedral?
What is the term for the thousands of rocky or icy bodies orbiting the sun between Jupiter and Mars?
The Washington Post reporters, Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward, wrote an account of the Watergate scandal, published in 1974. What was the book called?
What separates East and West Malaysia?
The film '10 things I hate about you', was inspired by which of Shakespeare's plays?
From which song does this lyric come? 'She calls out to the man in the street, sir can you help me'?
Who won an Oscar for playing a mentally handicapped pianist?
Mass suicide is said to have ended the defence by the zealots of which fortress?
It was double-headed for Austria and Russia, single-headed for Germany. What was it?
Which Jane Austen character rents Netherfleld Park?
In which Asian city is the 830 metres high Burj Khalifa?
Which word begining with V describes the type of image formed when light is reflected from a plane mirror?
First published in 1932, what is the official magazine of the British Film Institute?
Who was the only British medal winner at the 2010 Winter Olympics?
Complete the general chemical rule: 'Acid plus Base gives Salt plus ...... what?
In the novel Rebecca, who is housekeeper at Manderlay?
Who is the female presenter of the Channel 4 quiz show '1001 things you should know'?
"Who, the author of the book ""On War"", stated that ""war is the continuation of politics by other means""?"
In the BBC TV series, how are Antonio Carlucci and Genaro Contaldo better known?
Who is the Conservative MP for Tatton?
Which country won the men's football gold medal at the 2012 Olympics?
Who directed the film Life of Pi?
According to the much recorded song Memphis Tennessee how old was Marie?
The islands of Hoy, Sanday and Westray belong to which island group?
Which veteran Hollywood actor played Judge Henry Garth in the TV western series 'The Virginian'?
The 2012 best selling book 'My Animals and Other Family' is written by whom?
Lynchburg the home of Jack Daniels whisky is in which US State?
Monsieur Bibendum created in 1898 is the emblem of which company?
Chang Beer originates from which country?
In which UK City is there a district called Holgate?
The Royal Armouries has three locations, London, Leeds and which other city?
Which men's world athletics record has been broken only three times since 1935; in 1960, 1968 and 1991?
Tahini paste is made by grinding which seeds?
Which Australian prime minister was presumed drowned in 1967?
"What does the Latin phrase ""primus inter pares "" mean?"
Which park was the venue for show jumping in the 2012 Olympics?
Which French Canadian became Prime Minister of Canada in 1968?
What does a costermonger sell?
Give the Spanish word for the number eight
Which element has the chemical symbol Cs?
Who was the longest serving US president (12 years 39 days)?
Who played Richard DeVere in the TV sitcom To the Manor Born?
Who created the fictional detective Jack Frost, played on TV by David Jason?
Which record by Dexy's Midnight Runners was the best-selling UK single of 1982?
The marine iguana can only be found on which islands?
What nationality was sculptor Constantin Brancusi?
Who was the first cricketer to score 10,000 test runs?
Which musical instrument has an Italian name fagotto which means a 'bundle of sticks'?
Who wrote 'Confessions of an English Opium Eater'?
Which comedian had the catch phrase 'It's all done in the best possible taste!'?
Which King of England was married to Anne of Denmark?
For which TV show does the Dave Arch orchestra regularly provide the musical accompaniment?
Which native British wildlife includes species called Water, Common and Pygmy?
In which county is Blacksticks Blue cheese produced?
Which river rises in Huyton and meets the coast at Hightown?
In 2001-2 what was the new name given to Venture Scouts?
What is the county town of the Irish County Mayo?
What is the name of the alternative medicine that uses essential oils?
Which soul singer /songwriter wrote the theme music for the 1971 film Shaft?
Whose mistress was Clara Petacci?
In jazz, which clarinettist/bandleader was known as the King of Swing?
Which mythical hero wielded the magical sword 'Hrunting'?
Who was the first British astronaut?
Five docks built on The Manchester Ship Canal in what is now Salford Quays were named after which Roman goddess? The area is now served by a Metrolink stop bearing the same name.
Winston Churchill was the Time magazine 'Person of the Year' in 1949, who is the only British person to be so named since then?
What is added to white wine to make a Kir?
What type of fish is used in the production of Worcestershire sauce?
Which company makes/made a watch called 'Submariner'?
Which mythical hero wielded a magical sword called 'Gram'?
As at April 2003, name either of the floodlit Formula 1 Grand Prix races?
What general term is used to describe any experiment not carried out in a living body?
Sir William Walton's 'Crown Imperial Coronation March' was written for whose coronation?
Which millionaire introduced a free school milk programme in Chicago to combat rickets?
Ursus arctos horribilis is the scientific name of which animal?
Who skippered an all woman crew in a yacht called 'Maiden' in the 1990 Whitbread Round the World Yacht Race?
The composer Peter Warlock was the father of which art critic?
Which English cricketer had figures for bowling 10 for 53 against Australia 1956?
From which Daphne DuMaurier book is the opening line 'Last night I dreamt I went to Manderlay again'?
In which country was the actor Sid James born?
If you landed at 'Santa Catarina Airport on which Island would you be in?
From which film did the Oscar winning song `Up Where We Belong' come?
Who coined the phrase 'Somebody up there likes me'?
If Monday's child is fair of face what is Friday's child?
Which famous American comedian quoted 'It only takes one drink to get me loaded, I can't remember if it's the ninth or the tenth?
Name the space craft that exploded 72 seconds after lift off killing all 7 crew members in 1986.
In fashion and dress what is a skinny rib?
To within 2 either away, how many classic races did Lester Piggott win?
In which sport is the Solheim Cup contested?
In which modern country is the ancient city of Petra?
In Imperial measurement, how many pounds are there in a hundredweight?
Which wading bird is the symbol of the RSPB?
If the words Posta Shqiptare appear on a postage stamp, from which country does it come?
What was the name of the lion in C S Lewis's book 'The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe'?
The Alfred Hitchcock films Rebecca and The Birds were based on novels by which author?
On an Ordnance Survey map what symbol, along with a date, is used to denote a battle?
The most southerly part of mainland Australia is in which state?
The most northerly part of mainland Australia is in which state?
According to the Old Testament of the Bible who was the brother of Moses?
What is the surname of the US astronaut after whom the Thunderbirds character John Tracy is named?
Fred Scuttle was one of the best-known characters of which British comedian?
Which instrument plays the A note to which the orchestra tunes before a performance?
"In which North American city would you find a baseball team called the""Blue Jays""?"
Who succeeded Nelson Mandela as South African president?
Which family left Cliveden House in Buckinghamshire shortly after the Profumo Affair of the 1960s?
Which female country and Western singer died in a plane crash in Tennessee in 1963?
In the 1920s by what name did Angelo Siciliano become better known?
What is the astronomical link between Hell, Birmingham and Archimedes?
The Welsh river Elwy burst its banks in November 2012, flooding much of which city?
Which Rugby Union Premiership team play home fixtures at Kingston Park?
What was the theme of the designs that appeared on the reverse of £1 coins from 2004 - 2007?
Which literary character is the best known creation of the writer Earl Derr Biggers?
Dave and Ansell Collins had a U.K No 1 hit with which song?
The religious order of Poor Ladies of San Damiano has what more common name?
Private Eye refers to which member of the Royal Family as Keith?
"According to an advertising campaign in the 1990s, what beer was ""The cream of Manchester""?"
Which 1980s TV sitcom starred Keith Barron and Gwen Taylor as a couple on holiday with friends in Spain?
Which French physicist (1852-1908) shared the Nobel Prize for Physics with the Curies in 1903 and has the SI unit of radioactivity named after him?
Who wrote the epic poem The Faerie Queen c.1590 - 1596?
Which English monarch was the last to be born in France?
Which musical instrument is associated with Alison Balsam?
The painting A Dance to the Music of Time 1634 - 1635 displayed in the Wallace Collection, London is by which artist?
Who directed the 1966 film 'A Countess from Hong Kong?
In which town or city in Wales is the baked bean museum of excellence?
Which band released the 1970 album 'In the Wake of Poseidon'?
Published in 2013 who wrote the novel 'The Kill List'?
Who was the 8th President of the United States from 1837- 1841?
Which Florentine painter 1535-1607 used the name Bronzino after the death of his 'uncle'?
"Tom and Ben Cooper play international cricket for which ""non-test playing"" country?"
Who was the Defence Lawyer in the Leopold and Loeb murder trial of 1924?
What in South America is a pampero?
In World War 2 what was the American equivalent of the Chindits?
Which Shakespeare play is set in the Forest of Arden?
Which was the lightest of the three weight categories for women boxers at the 2014 Commonwealth Games?
Cambridge Favourite is a variety of which fruit?
Who is the lead singer of the Sheffield band the Arctic Monkeys?
Careless is a variety of which fruit?
Eunice was the mother of which New Testament figure, the recipient of two epistles from Saint Paul?
"The Jacques Brel song ""Le moribond"" (translation ""the dying man"") was a hit in English for Terry Jacks under what title?"
Who wrote the Booker prize-winning novel Hotel du Lac?
Which American played in his 10th Ryder Cup in 2014?
Who created the fictional special agent Will Trent?
On which island is Mahon situated?
"In which old children's TV programme did the ""biggest spotty dog you ever did see"" feature?"
In which Ayrshire village will you find the cottage birthplace of poet Robert Bums which is now a museum?
Which showjumper won Olympic bronze in 1960 and was also voted BBC's Sports Personality of the Year in the same year?
'The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie' is a 1961 novel by which author?
Which American state, with the capital Salem, is nicknamed the Beaver State?
Who has presented BBC TV programmes called his 'Toy Stories' and `Man Lab'?
What is the next highest prime number above 53?
Euclid of Alexandria established the foundations of which branch of mathematics?
Which golfer is nicknamed 'El Niño'?
Which poet was married to Ted Hughes until her death in 1963?
Which area of London derives its name from a hunting call hum medieval times?
In what decade was the Scottish National Party founded?
Which actress played Lillie Langtree in the 1970s TV drama series Lillie?
Alfred Munnings was famous for his paintings of what?
Which 1959 film starred Peter Sellers as shop steward Fred Kite?
What is the state capital of the US state of New Jersey?
Which actress played Queen Victoria in the 1970s TV drama Edward the Seventh?
Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz was the wife of which King of Great Britain?
An epithalamium is a poem written to mark what occasion?
Who played the Riddler in the original Batman TV series?
Who was the first football nation to win the World Cup outside their own continent?
What element is the main constituent of anthracite?
The antirrhinum plant is more commonly known as what?
Arthur Dent and Ford Prefect first appear in which book?
In which year did Alcock and Brown make the first flight across the Atlantic?
What is commonly known as the 'sport of kings'?
Who wrote the words to 'Land of Hope and Glory'?
'Quinsy' is a term for an abscess on which part of the body?
In which English city is the Anglican cathedral dedicated to St. Philip and the Catholic one to St. Chad?
Who is the most famous cartoon creation of Al Capp?
Who is the current (Jan 2014) Secretary of State for Education?
What is the generic name for a drug that reduces fever?
In which London building do you find the Jerusalem Chamber?
Which town stands on the River Aare, between the lakes of Brienz and Thun?
In which US town or city were the 1932 Winter Olympics held?
Name one of the creators of the cartoon characters 'Tom and Jerry'.
Which English football club won the FA Cup Final in 1946, the first after World War Two?
Which TV soap opera is set in the fictional town of Summer Bay?
In which sport did Neil Adams win Olympic silver medals in 1980 and 1984?
Which sculptor's works include St Michael's Victory over the Devil at Coventry Cathedral and Jacob and the Angel?
Who scored the winning goal in this year's FA Cup final?
From which country does the cheese emmental originate?
The airport Guglielmo Marconi is the airport of which city?
Juba is the capital of which country?
What is the French name for the English channel?
In which city are Argentine, Bel-Air, Bolivar, Liege, Rome and Stalingrad all found within a few miles of each other?
The River Durance flows into the Rhone near to which French town or city?
The Insight and Jazz car models are produced by which company?
The dance fitness programme, the Zumba, originated in which country?
Which European country has Switzerland to the west Austria to the east?
What was England's first publicly subscribed passenger railway?
George Lansbury et al founded which newspaper in 1912?
A 'Clumber' is a breed of which dog?
Who composed the 'War Requiem'?
Which Sheffield United player scored the first ever goal in English Premiership football?
What is the fruit of a tree of the genus 'Malus'?
Which English football ground features the 'Holte End'?
What is the distinctive colour of the soles of shoes designed by Christian Louboutin?
Which Dickens' novel features Mr Merdle, Edmund Sparkler and Tattycoram?
Julia Gillard became the first female Prime Minister of which country?
Who was the first British Prime Minister born in the 20th Century. Also the only PM to have played 1st class cricket?
Which Birmingham architect designed a two wheeled horse drawn cab in 1934?
What was the name of the cruise liner that capsized near the rocky island of Giglio off the Tuscan coast in 2012?
The diary of who, is a series of children's books written by Jeff Kinney?
Under what name is the American singer/songwriter Steveland Judkins better known?
Which British paralympian swimmer won 2 gold, a silver and a bronze in the 2012 Para Olympics?
Located in a country of the same name which is African's second highest mountain?
Which poet's house at 24 Hollies Street, London, was commemorated by the first Blue Plaque, unveiled in 1867?
Whose portrait (other than the Queen) is depicted on the current £20 note?
On a WW2 poster, what two words followed 'Look out in ...'?
The TV presenter Sir Patrick Moore, CBE, was a keen amateur musician, composing and playing pieces for which instrument?
Which motor manufacturer makes the models Note and Juke?
Which singer released the albums Honky Chateau in 1972 and Sleeping with the Past in 1989?
Give a year in the life of Italian composer Antonio Vivaldi.
Which monarch granted a royal charter to the British East India Company?
Give a year in the life of English furniture designer Thomas Chippendale.
Who founded the Body Shop, in the UK, in 1976?
Name either of the South American countries that have no land border with Brazil?
Which unit of the Roman army was one tenth of a legion?
What colour is the gemstone citrine?
The film 'The Music Lovers' was about which composer?
Blue Gum and Ironbark are species of which genus of Australian tree?
How many basic positions are there in classical ballet?
Snakes are the symbol of which saint?
Which Formula One racetrack is in the Ardennes?
What name is given to the curve seen at the surface of a liquid, particularly in a narrow tube?
In a children's story, who followed little white stones and so reached their home?
The 'Angel of Christian Charity' in London is more commonly known by what name?
To which family of animals does the okapi belong?
With which French King were Mme de Pompadour and Mme Du Barry associated?
On which river does Marlborough stand?
Who was the lyre-playing muse of tragedy in Greek mythology?
Whose portrait is to appear on the new £10 note due to be issued in 2017?
Where on a ship would the letters 'WNA' and 'TF' appear?
Under what pseudonym did JK Rowling publish the book 'The Cuckoo's Calling'?
In the Sermon on the Mount, who would see God?
Which controversial novel was originally to have been called 'Tenderness'?
Which of the Queen's horses won the 2013 Ascot Gold Cup?
Who won the first ever boxing gold for women? She shares her surname with two US Presidents.
In 480 BC, Leonidas led his 300 Spartans against the Persian army, led by Xerxes, in which land battle?
Which Wagner opera tells the story of the eponymous swan knight and features The Bridal Chorus?
Which edifice in London was immortalised in poetry by Wordsworth in 1802 and in a painting by Canaletto in 1746?
Which former Soviet republic is the largest land-locked county in the world?
Which planet, which has moons named after characters from Shakespeare and Pope, was discovered by Herschel in 1781?
Who had a hit in 1955 with Rock Around the Clock?
Which Italian pasta's name means little spindles in English?
Which singer and actress who lived from 1963 - 2012, shares her surname with major city in Texas?
Which county won the 2013 Cricket County Championship?
If 10 to the power 9 is a gigabyte, what is 10 to the power 12?
In which decade did the Montgolfier Brothers launch the first successful manned ascent in a hot air balloon?
If the unit of measurement 10 to the power minus 12 is a picometre, what is 10 to the power minus 9?
What was the Christian name of the wife of composer Robert Schumann?
Who in the Old Testament is the father of King David?
For which human physical reaction is horripilation the correct medical term?
What is the name of the racecourse in Louisville where the Kentucky Derby is run?
What is the name of the charity for single parents founded in the 1970s which currently has J K Rowling as its President?
What is the pen name of Jim Grant, the British author who writes stories about the former U.S. Military Police Major, Jack Reacher?
What colour is the cross on the Finnish flag?
"Which American TV character said ""I am not capable of that emotion''?"
Who evaded capture disguised as Betty Burke?
What spirit is added to tomato juice to make a Bloody Maria?
Which British TV character set up a chain of shops called Grot?
In the Bible, which bird was the first to leave the Ark?
Where does the draw for the Euromillions lottery prize usually take place?
David Balfour and Alan Breck are characters in books by which author?
What was the name of George Stephenson's first railway locomotive, built in 1814?
Complete the title of the debut novel by Tony Hawks 'Round Ireland with a .'
Forest Whitaker won the Oscar for Best Actor for his role in which 2006 film?
Which cup did Emirates Team New Zealand win this summer which allowed them to challenge Oracle Team USA for the America's Cup?
In1918 women over what age were given the right to vote?
What was the capital of the Confederacy in the American Civil War?
In the periodic table of elements which metal comes after beryllium and magnesium in the alkaline earth metals (valency 2)?
Which Roman Emperor committed suicide in 68 AD after being declared an enemy of the state by the senate?
Which play by Sir Peter Shaffer was made into a film with Tom Hulce in the title role?
Green plover and peewit are alternative names for which British bird?
In which TV 'quiz' show was the consolation prize a chequebook and pen?
In which TV 'quiz' show was the consolation prize a dustbin?
Disaronno is an 'amaretto' liqueur with a characteristic bitter-almond taste, however it doesn't contain any nuts at all; from the kernel of which fruit does the flavour come?
The internal angles of a quadrilateral add up to how many degrees?
What name is given to a painful infection of the tip of a finger?
Novelist Patricia Cornwell has accused the painter Walter Sickert of being which notorious criminal?
Who was US President at the start of the twentieth century?
Which composer did Igor Stravinsky accuse of writing the same concerto 500 times?
Which St Helens born ex Rugby League player died recently after a seven year battle with cancer during which he raised thousands of pounds for charity?
What is the highest mountain in the world not in a mountain range?
"A dish cooked ""a la Lyonnaise"" would be garnished or prepared with which ingredient?"
Which villain, played by Richard Kiel, appeared in two James Bond movies, 'The Spy Who Loved Me' and 'Moonraker'?
Which town on the River Colne holds an annual Oyster Festival?
In the Old Testament of the Bible who was the father of David?
Which organisation was founded by the lawyer Peter Benenson in London in 1961?
Which island known as Ynys Gybi in Welsh, lies just off the west coast of Anglesey?
Anne and Elizabeth are two of the Princess Royal's names, give either of the other two.
Which car company produces a model called Eos?
Who was the mother of Queen Mary 1st of England?
At the 2014 Winter Olympic games Elise Christie of Great Britain was disqualified from all three of her events, in which sport?
The books 'The Edge of Reason' and 'Mad About The Boy' are sequels to which novel?
In which city is Green Square, the scene of protests in 2011?
Which private railway line runs between Kidderminster and Bridgnorth?
What colour is the heraldic colour gules?
Who directed the 2014 film 'Jersey Boys'?
Maurice Cole was better known as which comedian?
St John's is the capital of which Canadian Province?
Who was the only female candidate in the 2010 Labour leadership contest?
Who was Britain's last reigning Tudor Monarch?
What is the name of the river that runs through Madrid?
Give a year in the life of abstract painter Wassily Kandinsky.
Which major city is situated at the mouth of the Yangtze River in China?
Who was the original drummer/singer with the Monkees pop group?
According to the World Meteorological Organisation and the UK Met Office, what is the highest number on the Beaufort scale, representing hurricane force?
After he left Barcelona, football manager Pep Guardiola went on to manage which European club in 2013?
Who was the first member of the British royal family to lie in state at Westminster Hall?
What is the principal charity for single parent families in the UK?
In what year did the five founding members of OPEC hold their first meeting?
In pantomime, who is Cinderella's father?
In which Dickens' novel does lawyer Mr Jaggers appear?
Which American state has been nicknamed the Equality State because in 1869 it granted voting rights to women as well as men?
Wicket-keeper Matt Prior, currently part of the England team plays for which county?
Who was the first commoner to have a state funeral in Britain?
What nationality was the botanist Carolus Linnaeus?
Michael Winner was famous as the director of which series of films?
Which Liverpool street was named as 'The Great Street 2013' in the National Urbanism Awards?
In 1705, who was the first scientist to be knighted?
Which TV presenter, who died in February 2013, was for over 20 years the host of 'Mr & Mrs'?
Which group recorded the 90s albums 'Nevermind' and 'In Utero'?
In which US state is Green Bay?
Which charity was founded in London in 1961 following the publication of the article 'The Forgotten Prisoners' in 'The Observer'?
The Philippines has 7,107 islands, which other Asian country is an archipelago of 17,504 islands?
Who was the electrical engineer whose right and left hand rules are used to demonstrate the relative directions of field, current and force in electrical motors and generators?
In which town is the 'TV sitcom 'Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps' set?
Which order of insects includes the true flies, mosquitoes, gnats and midges?
Prior to Viginia Wade in 1977 who was the last British player to win a tennis Grand Slam title?
Who wrote the operas Oedipus Rex and The Rake's Progress?
Prior to Andy Murray who was the last British player to contest a tennis Grand Slam singles final?
Astrophobia is the fear of what?
Who hosts Radio 4's quiz I'm Sony I Haven't a Clue?
The A57 road runs from Liverpool to which English town or city?
Which river flows into the North Sea at Hamburg?
In medieval England what kind of weapon was a serpentine?
What is the equivalent Royal Navy rank to the Army's Major?
'We Will Stand Together' is a song to music from which classical work?
How is the tree Fraxinus excelsior more commonly known?
Tu is the clothing brand of supermarket chain?
Who was the conservative candidate beaten by Ken Livingstone in the first two elections for Mayor of London?
What was the title of the musical based on the TV programme 'X Factor?
Which ship left France, on llth July 1947, carrying over 4,500 Jews bound or Palestine?
Which band released the albums Sheer Heart Attack and A Day at the Races?
Who is the current presenter of BBC Radio 4 programme Desert Island Discs?
Give a year in the life of botanist Carl Linnaeus.
Which fruit is known as ananas in French?
'Call me Ishmael' are the opening words of which work of literature?
Robert Gordon Menzies was which country's longest-serving Prime Minister?
What is the more familiar name for the aromatic gum resin olibanum?
In Egyptian mythology, of what is Nut the goddess?
Give a year in the life of St Ignatius Loyola, founder of the Jesuits.
In which of Thomas Hardy's novels is Bathsheba Everdene the heroine?
On which river is Shrewsbury?
Who won the World Professional Snooker Championship six times in the 1970s?
Who was the RAF captain that Princess Margaret declined to marry in 1955-bowing to pressure from the Court and Government?
'Eureka', the National Children's Museum is in which town?
In the film 'The Curious Case of Benjamin Button' what was curious about him?
What is the name of the fuel depot near Hemel Hempstead that caught fire in December 2005?
Who sailed in the yacht 'Suhaili'?
In feet, how wide is a singles tennis court?
Which top National Hunt trainer's establishment is based at Seven Barrows?
In Greek Mythology, who is the father of Odysseus?
Which brand of foodstuff still bears the slogan 'Original and Best'?
Which famous London Building was completed in 1951 from a design by Hugh Casson?
Jackdaw's Castle is the headquarters of which renowned National Hunt Trainer?
In professional darts, which player is nicknamed 'The Artist'?
Who is the only dwarf in the Disney tale of Snow White who wears spectacles?
According to Greek legend, who was the wife of Odysseus?
Who was the first Prime Minister to give birth while in office?
A 'smack' is a collective noun for a group of which sea creatures?
The Andaman Sea is part of which ocean?
Which city stands at the mouth of the Yangtze river?
What was the name given to a decorative cloth put over a chair as protection from grease in the hair or hair oil?
Which element, atomic number 20, derives its name from the Latin word for 'lime'?
The first session of the United Nations General Assembly was convened in January 1946, in which city?
The People Party, founded in Coventry in 1972, changed its name in 1975 and again in 1985. The party is represented in Parliament, the Lords and the European Parliament, how is it now known?
Broxtowe District Council is in which English county?
Who was known as 'The Preston Plumber'?
Who designed the Volkswagen Beetle?
Where does Rupert Bear live?
Who played the wife of Alf Garnett on TV?
In which town did the Co-operative Movement begin?
Nomophobia is the fear of being without or losing what?
Which clothing firm shares its name with a 1971 Academy Award winning film starring Gene Hackman?
Which is the only US state divided into parishes?
To within five years either way, in which year was the Boy Scout movement founded by Robert Baden-Powell?
Which Shakespeare comedy is set in Messina, Italy?
Batavia is the former name of which Asian capital city?
What is the name of the ship featured in the 1957 film The Yangtse Incident?
Which internet site was founded in 1999 by Steve and Julie Pankhurst?
Which US state is nicknamed The Equality State?
Which US State is nicknamed The Beaver State?
Which organisation was founded in Ontario, Canada in 1897 by Adelaide Hoodless?
Which is the first of the four stations on a standard Monopoly Board after passing Go?
In which New York Borough is Central Park situated?
In 1959, for which film did David Niven win his only Academy Award?
What was the name of the teddy bear mascot of speed record holder Donald Campbell?
What was the Russian City of Nizhny Novgorod called between 1932 and 1990?
Which former Liverpool player has the middle name Everton?
What was the first name of Tory politician Enoch Powell?
What part of the human body is known by doctors as the pollex?
Forbes Magazine named which author as the top earner between July 2012 and August 2013?
The top American fiction bestseller in both 1936 and 1937 was the only novel published during the lifetime of its author. Who was she?
In which European City did the Peace Palace open in 1913?
In which year did women get the vote at 21 in the UK?
Traitor's Gate is part of which building?
Which golfer won the Open Championship five times between 1975 and 1983?
Which is the largest island in Canada?
In 2004 who became the first African actress to win an Oscar for Best Actress?
What is the name of the commercial airport which opened in 2005 on the site of the former RAF Finningley?
In the Harry Potter books there are 4 houses at Hogwarts School. Three of them are Gryffendor, Ravenclaw and Slytherin. Name the fourth.
At which racecourse did A P McCoy ride his 4000th winner?
The Welsh Highland Railway runs between Porthmadog and which town or city?
Which Commonwealth country was the first outside the UK to broadcast Dr Who?
What is the name of the structure designed by Anish Kapoor and Cecil Balmond for the 2012 London Olympics?
In Roman Catholicism name any day of the Triduum.
Which cricketing nation was first granted Test status in 2000?
What type of animal is an impala?
Which company produced the Hastings and Herald aircraft?
Which World War II Aircraft was known as the 'Flying Stringbag'?
What is the name of the publication other than yellow pages that is delivered free to households to help people find local tradesmen?
Name either of the Countries that use a tagine in its style of cooking?
Although mostly associated with Manchester in which other part of the UK were the Gibb Brothers born?
Las Vegas is in which US State?
The United Nations Organisation UNHRC looks at what specific issue?
Which singer was nicknamed the Walrus of Love?
Which Brewery makes London Pride bitter?
What piece of equipment was banned from the National Gallery in 2015?
In the book by James Hilton what was the full surname of the character Mr Chips?
Which British Cathedral has three spires?
Which folk singer and activist who died in 2014 aged 94 years co-wrote the songs Where Have All The Flowers Gone, If I had a Hammer and adapted the song Turn, Turn, Turn from the Book of Ecclesiastes?
Which US president controversially granted Nixon a full pardon over the Watergate scandal?
The opera Gloriana is by which English composer?
On which motorway would you find the Blackburn with Darwen service area?
The Carnegie family fortune was built around Andrew Carnegie’s success in manufacture in which industry?
In Greek myth, name any one of the Furies or Erinyes.
What is potamology the study of?
Who directed the Michael Jackson video ‘Bad’?
What two word derogatory term was applied to the women who failed to find husbands on their expedition to India during the Raj and sailed back to the UK?
To within a year either side, in which year were the proceedings of the House of Commons first televised?
Given by the British tabloid press, what is the nickname of Nick Freeman, a solicitor famous for helping his clients escape punishment?
From 1791 to 1803, Toussaint L’Ouverture led a revolt against France on which island?
In which present day British county was the first UK Women’s Institute founded in 1915?
Who was the first British monarch to be born in Buckingham Palace?
What name is given to belief in more than one god?
Who was the first actor to be knighted?
Which European country's flag consists of three equal horizontal bands of white, green and red?
Which author created the LAPD detective Harry Bosch?
What name is given to a word or phrase in a computer document that can be clicked on In order to move to a related document?
The Elgin Marbles were originally part of which building?
Which restaurant chain has supported the Venice in Peril campaign since 1975?
Which horse race, along with the Grand National, is part of the ‘Spring Double’?
Deacon Blue took their name from the title of a song by which group?
In Greek mythology, what was the name of the nymphs who tended the garden from where Heracles stole golden apples?
A number and letter on a small plate fixed to the smokebox door of a railway locomotive gave what information?
Convallaria majalis is the scientific name for what popular garden flower?
With its capital at Jaipur, what is the largest state of India, by area?
The Italian soccer club Sampdoria plays home games in which city?
War Horse is a novel by which former children’s laureate?
In Spain which fruit is called a melocoton?
What word is used to describe the process of giving birth by animals such as dogs and wolves?
Which member of the cabinet is MP for Maidenhead?
Which musician and composer said 'Wagner has wonderful moments, and dreadful quarters of an hour'?
The Dales Way is a path that runs from Bowness in Cumbria to which town in Yorkshire on the River Wharfe?
Whose last opera was Falstaff?
Which author also writes under the name Barbara Vine?
In the TV series Man about the House by what phrase was any mention of sex called?
During World War II in which country did the Battle of the Kasserine Pass take place?
In which children?s cartoon series have you 'gotta catch em all'?
Who is the presenter of the TV series The School of Hard Sums?
Which handheld electronic toy had to be treated as a pet?
In which decade of the 17th Century was the new model army created?
Which US Naval Shipyard shares its name with an English county?
Who wrote the opera A Masked Ball?
Who played the part of Dr Mark Sloan in the TV series Diagnosis Murder?
Name the year in which Driving Miss Daisy won the Best Picture Oscar, Mikhail Gorbachev is elected as the first executive President of the Soviet Union and Iraq invaded Kuwait?
Which town or city was the first to supply the winners of both the FA Cup and Rugby League Challenge Cup in the same year?
Which US state is known as The First State as it was first to ratify the Constitution in 1787?
Which top German football club play home games at the Allianz Stadion?
Who played Gene Hunt in the TV series Life on Mars and Ashes to Ashes?
In Jeff Wayne's 'Musical Version of Spartacus' released in 1992, which later Oscar-winning British actress sings the principal female role of Palene?
In Arthurian legend, the Fisher King is is the keeper of which relic?
Which is the home city of cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, where he recently finished his career?
Former tennis player Vijay Armitrage apears in which James Bond film?
Which businessman on his elevation to the House of Lords, by Gordon Brown, in 2000, took the title Baron of Clapton?
In which book of the bible is the story of Samson and Delilah?
Which river is spanned by Abraham Darby's Iron Bridge?
Which former Labour MP took the title Baroness of Bow on her elevation to the House of Lords, by David Cameron, in 2010?
In which book of the bible is the story of Noah's Ark?
The name of which chemical element takes its name from the Greek for light-bringing?
Who produces and presents the BBC arts programme Imagine?
Which American singer's music publishing company was called Gladys Music?
In which film did Kenneth Williams say infamy infamy they've all got it in for me?
Give a year in the life of composer Frederic Chopin.
In which Jane Austen novel is Frederick Wentworth the lover of Anne Elliot?
Which author?s son was killed in World War I, events depicted in the TV film called My Boy Jack?
Which Lancashire football club plays home games at the Globe Arena, moving from Christie Park in 2010?
Who is the only Spanish winner of the Ladies' Singles at Wimbledon?
What is the surname of the TV sibling characters Chris, Meg and Stewie (and pet Brian)?
My Colourful Life: From Red To Amber is the autobiography of which local sports personality who died in 2011?
Which public holiday is celebrated on the first Monday in September in the USA?
Who had a 1963 hit with The Folk Singer?
The Isle of Capri is close to which Italian resort?
Who was the last Briton to win the Nobel Prize for Literature?
What is the name of the fragrant essential oil obtained chiefly from the Damask Rose?
Which visitor attraction is in Exploration Drive, Leicester?
In which north west town is there a penny-farthing museum? A 'Great Race' is held there every ten years.
Since the foundation of the Football League which is the only team from outside the League (or Premier League) to win the FA Cup, doing so in 1901?
In which film did Jude Law play a sniper at the Battle of Stalingrad?
Played on TV by Gregor Fisher, whose boat was called The Vital Spark?
Alice?s Adventures in Wonderland was originally published in 1865 as Alice?s Adventures .. where?
In which decade was the English League Cup first contested?
How old were Jimmi Hendrix, Janis Joplin and Jim Morrison when they died?
The revolutionary group the Sandinistas were active in which country?
An orrery, popular in the 13th and 19th centuries, was a model of what?
Eleanor of Provence was the wife of which long-reigning English king?
Which car manufacturer originally made the model known as the Matiz?
The 1 penny black was the first British stamp, which was the second?
Who, c1819, wrote the poem Ode to the West Wind?
The name Shqiperia appears on the postage stamps of which country?
What is the name of the cartoon cat that is always chasing Tweety Pie?
The statue of the 'Little Mermaid' is in the harbour of which city?
By what first name is golfer Gerry Lester Watson better known?
Which Olympic event starts using a ?deny'?
In a film who married Princess Fiona, the daughter of King Harold and Queen Lillian of Far, Far Away?
Who was shot and killed along with his mistress Clara Petacci on 28th April 1945?
Once the longest street in the world Yonge (pronounced Young) Street has its southern end in which city? The ice hockey Hall of Fame stands on a corner with Front Street.
Who wrote the songs for the musical Top Hat?
The dotterel belongs to which family of birds?
Which island is named after the world's largest bear?
What was the first name of the jazz trombonist Kid Ory?
By what name is the painter Domenikes Theotakopoulos known?
In the Children?s TV series Peppa Pig who is Peppa's best friend?
Established in 1903, what was Britain's first designated Garden City?
What name is shared by a former Manchester City FC manager (1965-1971) and a champion flat jockey who used to ride for the Queen?
From the Greek words for dry and plant what word is given to a plant that has adapted to survive in an environment with little available water?
What was the name of the Super Typhoon that devastated the Philippines and Southeast Asia in November 2013?
When was the guillotine last used in France?
Where in Northamptonshire is the British Formula 1 Grand Prix held?
Which US President has a statue in Parliament Square?
Who was the winning owner of the Ascot Gold Cup in 2013?
Digestive biscuits were invented as a cure for what?
Which Himalayan garden shrub was first brought to the UK by Joseph Hooker?
Who invented the telescope in 1608?
From the late 19th Century, which English town was known as Biscuit Town?
Which popular dessert was invented at the Hungry Monk in Alfriston, Sussex?
Who composed the opera The Huguenots?
Which British university first developed grapheme?
What did Arthur Wynne invent?
The contract of footballer Nicolas Anelka was terminated after he made an offensive gesture, what name was given to the gesture?
What was the first name of the father of Isambard Kingdom Brunel, a French engineer who moved to England and constructed the Thames Tunnel?
Which TV series was about a pop group called 'Little Ladies' featuring Charlotte Cornwell, Julie Covington and Rula Lenska?
The disease pertussis is more commonly known by what name?
Who was the choreographer of the dance troupe Hot Gossip?
Which English monarch founded Eton College in the 15th century?
In anatomy, what is a ganglion?
The fictional Arkham Asylum featured in which 70's TV series?
Which indoor sport includes a side wall, front wall, and a tin?
The laburnum tree has what colour flowers?
Canal+ TV is based in which country?
What F1 event is now for vintage and classic cars, run from Brescia to Rome?
Michelangelo Merisi (or Amerighi) is the birth name of which artist?
Which Wirral-born Radio 1 disc jockey died in Peru in 2004?
HRH Princess Anne?s Gloucestershire country home is called what?
The Gateway Arch, aka Gateway to the West, America?s largest man-made monument, is in which city?
Which TV network is based in Doha, Qatar?
Which athlete was nicknamed The Jarrow Arrow?
Where on the body would a Hindu woman wear a bindi?
Which is the only English football team, in the top four divisions, to have a Latin word in its name?
America's People magazine named which actress as the World's Most Beautiful Woman in 2013? She plays Pepper Potts in the Iron Man series of films.
In the House of Commons, what is the sole mandatory duty of the Father of the House?
Who captained the England rugby union team 59 times between 1988 and 1996?
What was invented by Jonas Hanway in the late 1750s?
Who wrote the James Bond novel Solo?
How many coloured squares are there on the surface of a Rubik's cube?
Little Monsters are Twitter followers of which female singer-songwriter? ;
Which standard orchestral instrument has a name which derives from the French for high wood?
Which first lady of the USA was born in Southampton, New York in 1929 and died in Manhattan in 1982? She became the third youngest first lady.
What name, meaning sewer in Latin, is given to the singular bodily orifice found in birds, reptiles and amphibian that is used for both excretory and reproductive functions?
Which racehorse, unbeaten in 14 races, won an unprecedented 9 consecutive Group One races including the 2,000 Guineas in 2011 and is the highest ever rated by Timeform?
Which Mexican dish is a steamed corn husk filled with meat or vegetables coated in masa dough?
Who voices Donkey in the Shrek series of films?
Which Scottish football team plays home games at Easter Road?
What was the previous name of the city of Maputo?
The greatest confirmed age for any living creature is for a species of quahog (pronounced ko-hog) at over 500 years old. What is the common name for this species of creature?
Katie Melua was born in which republic of the USSR, now anindependent country
Which mountain range stretches for 1500 miles and has Mount Mitchell at 6,684 feet as its highest point?
The site of the 1805 Battle of Austerlitz, also called the Battle of the Three Emperors, and a major success for Napoleon Bonaparte, is in which modern day country?
In which 1816 novel do we meet the characters Anne Elliot and Frederick Wentworth?
Which chemical element is named after a university in Oakland, California?
Under what name did Dr Brooke Magnanti write her blog about her life as a call girl?
Formed in Liverpool in 1977, The Crucial Three lasted only about 6 weeks and never recorded, yet all three members became successful musicians. Name any one member.
Which racecourse hosts the Midlands Grand National in March each year?
Name the author of the 1993 Booker prize-winning novel `Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha'.
Of which band was Feargal Sharkey the lead singer until 1983?
Caroline of Brunswick was married to which British king?
In Greek mythology who was the Queen of the Gods, also the wife and sister of Zeus?
Who won the .1995 Best Actress Oscar for her role as Sister Helen Prejean in the film `Dead Man Walking'?
Jose Mourinho was appointed manager of which football club September to December 2000 - his first managerial post?
In which Canadian province or state is Cape Race?
What was the middle name of the author William Thackeray?
Which team did Jose Mourinho manage to win the 2004 UEFA Champions League Final - beating Monaco 3-0?
"Which US pop group had a 1979 UK No.1 single hit with ""When You're in Love with a Beautiful Woman""?"
"Who according to the Book of Genesis was described as ""A mighty hunter before the Lord""?"
"Who composed the works ""The Fountains of Rome"" and ""The Pines of Rome"" in 1916 and 1924 respectively?"
With its 14 lanes which New York city bridge carries the greatest amount of traffic?
Adi Dassler founded the Adidas company, which company was founded by his brother Rudolf in 1948?
Which city was the setting for Shakespeare’s play Measure for Measure?
A gerber was an alternative name for which traditional trade/craftsman?
"Which writer's first works were gathered into a series of short stories called ""Plain Tales From The Hills"" in the 1880s?"
Which US folk singer had the words “This machine kills fascists” written on his guitar?
The 1982 Time Magazine Man of the Year was awarded to which device?
Karl Eisner created which multitool?
In 2014, how did Anglesey Sea Salt and West Country Beef and Lamb join Jersey Royal Potatoes and Isle of Man Queenies amongst others?
In which English county is Lake Rudyard?
How is his holiness Tenzin Gyatso better known?
Which country is bordered by Cambodia and Laos to the west and China to the north?
"""Belshazzar's Feast’’, ""Portsmouth Point” and ""Facade” are among the works of which composer?"
Which Greek mythological creature has the body of a lion and the head and wings of an eagle?
in which century was St Bartholomew's Hospital located in West Smithfieid, London founded?
Which clear liqueur, of German/Dutch origin, is used along with gin to make a Silver Streak cocktail?
Where did the first battle of the English Civil War take place?
Name either of the cities served by Robin Hood airport?
Who was King of England in the year 1300?
Which National Park includes the Black Mountains and Usk Valley?
Which musical instrument is Albert Schweitzer known to have played?
Josiah Bartlet was a central character in which U.S. TV drama series?
Wookey Hole is part of which range of hills?
In 1932 Margaret Kelly founded which famous all-female dancing troupe?
Which country’s President resides in a mansion called the Casa Rosada (Pink House)?
Who had a top 40 hit UK single in 1966 with Mustang Sally?
Two types of seal are indigenous to the UK, the common seal is one, which is the other?
According to the rules of golf, what is the maximum number of golf clubs that a player is permitted to carry in his bag?
In which range of hills is the Cheddar Gorge?
Who in January 2015 became the Church of England’s first female bishop?
Which vegetable has the Latin name alium cepa?
in 1990 which boxer became the first to knock out the previously undefeated Mike Tyson and become WBA World Champion?
In the Old Testament Goliath was a member of which race?
Brian Connelly was the lead singer with which group?
Excluding the star balls, how many balls are used in the Euro Millions Lottery?
In 2006, who became the UK's first woman Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs?
Cairo and Khartoum are two of the three capital cities on the River Nile, name the third.
In which Yorkshire town is the Harlow Carr RHS Gardens situated?
What viral disease is also called infectious parotitis?
Who is the youngest person to hold the position of Chief Scout?
To which family of birds do Linnets belong?
"""Known to the Danish as Godthab, what is the capital of Greenland?"
In an electrical circuit what is measured by a Wheatstone Bridge?
Which religious figure had a horse named Kanthaka?
SS Thistlegorm is the name of the sunken WWII munitions ship which is an attraction to divers in which area of water?
Mark Bolland is the current Dutch born CEO of which retail chain?
What type of animal is a frogmouth?
Bulls Eye, Inverted Jenny and Basel Dove are types of what?
Which bird was the emblem of Prussia?
With which sport do you associate the Coventry bees?
Which hymn traditionally closes The Last Night of the Proms?
"Nicknamed the ""She Wolf of France"", Isabella the wife of Edward II, was from which French royal house?"
Bill Wyman has had the highest chart entry of any of the Rolling Stones as a solo artist in the UK charts, with which song?
"Which is the only UK top ten single for ""The Doors"" when it wasreleased twenty years after Jim Morrison's death?"
"Son of a famous singer, who directed the films ""Moon"" and ""Source Code""?"
Which Roman historian was the son-in-law of Agricola the Roman Governor of Britain?
What name was collectively given to the sons of Poseidon, who dwelt with him at the bottom of the sea?
"Which character did Robert De Niro portray in the film ""Taxi Driver"""
In the 1950s which tennis player entered the Wimbledon Ladies Singles three times winning oh each occasion?
Which British town or city has the post code DL?
What type of creature is a fennec?
In which country are the wine producing regions Huasco Valley and Choapa Valley?
With which sport were the players Peter Nicol and Jahangir Khan associated?
Which US group of the 1970s consisted of Dewy Bunnell, Dan Peek and Gerry Beckley and had hits including Tin Man and Sister Golden Hair?
According to the rhyme, what is Wednesday’s child?
What sport do you associate with Francesco Molinari?
Which late comedienne wrote the 2014 best-selling book ‘Diary of a Mad Diva’?
In the 1856 novel by Flaubert what was Madame Bovary’s Christian name?
jhe BBC2 production of Wolf Hal! was based on the novels by Hilary Mantel - one was Wolf Hall, name the other.
Which vitamin is also known as Niacin or Nicotinic Acid?
Who wrote the 1911 opera ‘Der Rosenkavalier’?
Which French racehorse, which won the Derby and Prix de I’Arc de Triomphe in 1965, was the highest rated horse by Timeform until Frankel’s performances in 2012?
in which US State is the Chambers Bay Course, the venue for the 2015 US Open Golf Championship?
In the Old Testament book of Judges, who is the son of Manoah?
b Who was the tallest British Prime Minister of the 20th century?
Who penned his own epitaph ‘Here lies one whose name was writ in water’?
Who is associated with the words ‘Live long and prosper’?
Of which sculptor was it said on his gravestone to be a loss to the Cafe Royal?
Give a year in the life of Hans Holbein.
In which country were the 2015 European Games held?
What was James Herbert’s first book, published in 1974?
Who wrote the book Don Quixote?
The main characters in which TV programme had the surnames Geller, Green, Bing, Buffay, Tribbiani and Geller?
Whose third symphony is also called his ‘organ symphony’?
At which Whitechapel pub was George Cornell shot by Ronnie Kray?
On what day of the month did the Roman ‘Ides’ of March fall?
Which company, founded in 2009, provides an app-based taxi service that uses crowd-sourced drivers?
What is the name of me political party, led by Alexis Tsipras,which won the general election in Greece in January 2015?
Katherine Yiner is editor of which daily newspaper?
What is measured by a Hygrometer?
"""Nothing is certain but death and taxes"" and ""Remember that time is money"" are quotes attributed to whom?"
"Which actress played 'Valeria"" in the film Carry On Screaming?"
What was the pre-independence name of Malawi?
Which wedge-shaped writing system was used by various middle-eastern peoples from the fourth millennium BC until the invention of alphabetic systems?
How many vertices (ie corners) are there on an octahedron?
Who was known as 'The Great One' in North American ice hockey?
Where was New York's immigrant inspection station until 1954?
Basutoland changed its name in 1966 to what current name?
What is the capital city of Saudi Arabia?
Which 1959 film features Jack Lemmon in drag and Tony Curtis? impression of Cary Grant?
Who played Bond villain Scaramanga in The Man with the Golden Gun?
Thomas Cromwell was executed for treason after being blamed for Henry VIII?s failed marriage to whom?
Sue Nicholls who plays Gail?s mother in Coronation Street, played Joan Greengross the secretary of which character in a 1970s sitcom?
Hanna Glawari is the title character in which operetta by Franz Lehár?
Which son of a famous drummer played drums for The Who at Glastonbury this year ? he has toured with them since 1996?
The 53.5 km Milford Track is a long-distance walk in which country?
Which Alan Bennett play features Cutlers Grammar School, Sheffield?
"Which film ends with the line 'Kevin, what did you do to my room""?"
In which city did Dylan Thomas die?
In the 2014-15 season which premiership team’s stadium had the smallest capacity?
Where in the body is the cuboid bone?
Which English artist painted several views of Salisbury Cathedral in the early 19th century?
Blackcap, Whitethroat and Chiffchaff belong to what family of bird?
The city of Brest in modern day Belarus was once known as Brest-Litovsk, site of the 1918 treaty between Soviet Russia and the Central Powers. For what present day country did the word Litovsk refer?
Which band was founded by Chris Difford and Glenn Tilbrook in 1974?
Which musical features the songs If I loved you and You’ll never walk alone?
Which footballer, with 77 goals, has scored the most goals in internationals for Brazil?
Oswald Cobblepot is a devious crime-boss who is seldom seen without one of his trick-umbrellas. How is this Batman villain better known?
Which US President succeeded Grover Cleveland in 1889 and was succeeded by Cleveland in 1893?
Meryl Streep has won 2 Oscars for Best Actress but for which 1979 film did she win Best Supporting Actress?
What was the name of the daughter of Fred and Wilma Flintstone?
Which US President died in office in July 1850 to be succeeded by his Vice President Millard Fillmore?
The name of which Spanish city is in the full title of Costa del Sol Airport?
Who, with 84 goals in 85 games is Hungary’s highest international goal scorer?
Which animal has the varieties Arctic, Bat-Eared and Fennec?
"Which fashion designer popularised the mini skirt and ran a Chelsea boutique called ""Bazaar""?"
Who voiced Count Duckula in an animated 1980's and 1990's television series of the same name?
"The fictional setting Grover's Corner, New Hampshire, for the 1938 Broadway play ""Our Town"" was created by which Pulitzer Prize winning playwright?"
"Which British comedian and actor played Dr Gregory House in the US TV series ""House""?"
In the book of Genesis, Chapter 8, verse 11, when the dove returned to Noah's ark, what was it carrying in its beak?
What courtesy title is held by the heir to the Marquis of Bath?
The orrery, invented in 1710 by George Graham was in use for several centuries despite its inaccuracies in size and distance. What is it a model of?
Which European city has the world’s oldest stock exchange formed in 1602?
Kodkod, margay, oncilla and caracal are all types of what?
In 1919, which Dadaist created L.H.O.O.Q., a parody of the Mona Lisa, in which a moustache and goatee beard were added to a reproduction of the painting?
Who said “I married beneath me. All women do.”?
Rolls Royce dashboards are traditionally finished in the veneer of which type of wood?
Which American president was assassinated by Charles Guiteau in 1881?
In which part of the body might one sustain a Pott's Fracture? \
"The culinary term ""Du Barry"", indicates the presence of which vegetable?"
In which stadium was the 2014 Commonwealth Games Rugby Sevens tournament held?
"""Bye Bye Love"" in 1957 was the first hit single for which duo?"
Who was installed as Anglican Bishop of Liverpool in November 2014?
Which British Prime Minister served the constituencies of Limehouse and Walthamstow West?
Raphanus Sativus is the Latin name of what vegetable, which has varieties including Cherry Belle, Sicily Giant and Daikon?
Whose debut novel was the 1961 book Call of the Dead?
Who was elected Prime Minister of India in 2014?
"Which city was the target of the first ""Thousand Bomber Raid"" on May 30th/31st 1942?"
Roman Emperor Vespasian came to power in 69AD - the Year of the Four Emperors. Name any of the other three Emperors that year.
David Copperfield and Ali Bongo have been recent winners of the David Devant Award, named after the first President of which society?
Who was King of England in 1350?
Who did Michael Gorbachev succeed as General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union?
Colchester stands on which river? The river shares its name with a Lancashire town.
Which competition was won by Nadiya Hussain in 2015?
Which original surname is shared by Mel Brookes and Danny Kaye?
What is pop singer Adele's surname?
Which competition was won by Caroline Flack in December 2014?
H'Angus the Monkey is the mascot of which English football club?
According to the Bible, who was the high priest of Judea at the time of Christ's arrest and execution?
"Who sang the theme tune to the James Bond film ""Die Another Day""?"
To which animal does the adjective caprine refer?
The Getz and the Elantra are car-models made by which manufacturer?
"Who wrote the 1999 novel ""Chocolat"" set in the French village of Lansquenet-sous-Tannes?"
What meat is traditionally used in a Wiener Schnitzel?
"The men's aftershaves or colognes ""Encounter"" and ""Euphoria"" are marketed under which perfume company's name?"
Which man, according to the Holy Bible, fathered Ishmael by sleeping with his wife's servant, Hagar?
"Which composer wrote the musical for the 18th-century opera, ""Idomeneo""?"
By which name meaning 'little bird' is the artist born Paolo di Dono at Pratovecchio in 1397 known by modern art-lovers?
Who was the architect of Marble Arch?
What is the chief ore used to make aluminium?
In which UK County is Lydd Airport?
What was created by the Lateran Treaty of 1929?
Who wrote the original music score for the 2015 film the Hateful Eight his first complete western score for 35 years, winning a Golden Globe ?
Name the capital city of the Canadian Province of British Columbia?
Who wrote the 1993 novel “The Joy Luck Club”?
In which town in Kent is the Shepherd Neame brewery located?
Who was on the thrones of England and Scotland at the time of the Act of Union in 1707?
Stylised as a lower case x, the album ‘Multiply’, which topped the UK charts for 8 weeks in 2014, is by which Brit award-winning singer-songwriter?
As the letters SNCF represent the rail system in France, what are the initials for the equivalent system in Spain?
As well as gold, silver and platinum, objects made of what other material have to be hallmarked by an Assay Office?
The Prime Minister of Greece, Alexis Tsipras, is the leader of which political party?
Who wrote the 20th century verse play Murder in the Cathedral?
By what first name is the wife of Tommy Beresford known in the Partners in Crime stories by Agatha Christie, recently adapted by BBC TV?
When hallmarking articles made of platinum, what pictorial mark is stamped into the article?
As SNCF is the French railway system, what are the initials for the German Rail network?
What is the five-letter name for Norway as used on its stamps?
In test and county cricket, which two-word phrase means a player has been out first ball in both innings?
Which British 2012 Olympic Gold medallist won two events at the 2015 World Athletics Championships?
Herdwick sheep are native to which area of Britain?
What was the name of the flying island in Gulliver’s Travels?
In English what day of the week is the German dienstag?
Marc Bolland has announced that he is to stand down as Chief Executive of which Major High Street Store?
The oak furniture maker Robert Thompson included a carving of which animal on almost every piece he made from the 1920s until his death in 1955?
Who became the acting leader of the Labour Party following the sudden death of John Smith in 1994?
What is the name for the dot on the lower case letters I and J?
In art, what term is given to the technique where paint is mixed and bound with egg yolk?
Amerigo Vespucci international airport serves which European city?
Which US city began as a trading post on the Chisholm Trail in the 1860’s and is now the largest city in Kansas?
What is the name of the Maltese physician and psychologist who coined the term “Lateral Thinking” in the 1960s?
In 2009 to what did the United Kingdom’s largest insurance company, Norwich Union, change its name?
Sardinian, Cetti’s and Dartford are among varieties of which bird?
The Planets suite, written between 1914/1916, is a work by which composer?
Taking its name from the Portuguese words for wine and garlic, which hot curry originated in Goa?
Which Queen is buried in a chapel in the grounds of Sudeley Castle in Gloucestershire?
Which type of fish is used to make an Arbroath Smokie?
Coimbra was the former capital of which European country from 1131 -1255?
In which war did the battles of Crecy and Poitiers take place?
"Who wrote the novels ""Berlin Game"", ""Mexico Set"" and ""London Match""?"
Koh-I-Noor, as in the diamond, means what in English?
Regarded as its Nobel Prize, in what field is the annual Pritzer Prize awarded?
"Who composed the music for the 1924 ballet 'The Miraculous Mandarin""?"
The unit the Dioptre is used to measure the power of what?
Which South American country's flag has three equal vertical stripes of red, white and red?
Of what does the usual base of a Florentine biscuit consist?
Apart from an Atlantic coastline, what country is surrounded by Senegal?
Which Football League club play their home games at Kingsmeadow, also known as the Cherry Red Records Stadium?
For which bank was Nick Leeson working at the time of his criminal dealings?
First published in 1791, which was the world’s first Sunday newspaper?
What was the name of the character played by Michael Caine in a total of five films, the first of which was ‘The Ipcress File’?
In which Hampshire village is the National Motor Museum?
Which is the smallest bird of the crow family?
The second largest town or city of which country is Esch-sur-Alzette?
Whose 2014 best-selling novel ‘Be Careful What You Wish For’ is the fourth in the Clifton Chronicles series?
Dr Paul Gachet was the subject of two famous paintings by which artist?
Which spirit is the base of the cocktails Planter’s Punch and Sundowner?
What, in Portugal, are azulejos?
Estelle Parsons won a best supporting actress Oscar for her role in which 1967 film?
There are three types of rock. Sedimentary is one, give one of the others.
Which company produces the supermini car the Ypsilon?
“Tis Herself’ published in 2005 was the autobiography of which Irish-American actress?
Who is the lexicographer, adjudicator, and longest-serving member of the on-screen team on Countdown?
Who wrote the novel The Naked and the Dead?
Which British Victorian writer lived with George Lewes for 24 years but never married him?
Famous as a presenter on TV-am with Anne Diamond, who is the chairman of Luton Town FC?
The Tropic of Capricorn crosses the west coast of South America in which country?
Which England cricket captain had a row with umpire Shakoor Rana at Faisalabad in December 1987?
What was Tony Blair’s constituency?
Which football team plays its home games at Portman Road?
Which 'Dame' is one of the main presenters of Women's Hour on Radio 4?
Which Italian sauce for pasta contains tomato, black olives, capers, anchovies and red peppers? The name translates as 'whore’s style'?
In the 1972 film Cabaret, Sally Bowles is working in which club?
"Which actress played the Bond Girl, ""Solitaire"" in the film ""Live and Let Die""?"
Which golf course, which has hosted the Open Championship, was bought by Donald Trump early in 2014?
According to the Bible, which was the only one of the twelve disciples who was actually present at the foot of the Cross as Jesus was crucified?
In which country would you find the temple of Angkor Wat?
Lady Jane Grey was the great grand-daughter of which English king?
Mary Surratt was executed having been found guilty of the conspiracy to assassinate who?
In which county is Highgrove House the residence of the Prince of Wales?
Which king, born in 1457, was the last king of England to be born in Wales?
Who wrote the novel The Thom Birds?
Ferrybridge Services are located on which UK motorway?
Who wrote the novel The Life of Pi?
Which group had a UK No.1 hit in 1983 with a cover version of Yazoo's Only You?
The adjective leporine relates to which animal?
In World War II, what were Horsas and Hamilcars?
The 1999 film 10 Things I Hate About You starring Heath Ledger and Julia Stiles is a modern version of which Shakespeare play?
Which King of England is buried in Gloucester Cathedral?
The office of the President of which South American country is La Casa Rosada (The Pink House)?
Who has been announced as the next presenter of QI?
What is the surname of Mary, still alive aged 99, the longest lived Prime Minister’s spouse?
The storyline of which 1994 Disney animated film is based on the Shakespearean tragedy Hamlet?
With atomic number 50 which element in the periodic table has the shortest name?
Which actor played the part of Ross Poldark in the BBC’s mid 1970’s television series?
In which body of water are the Mascarene Islands?
Daphne Du Maurier’s 1941 novel Frenchman’s Creek is set during the reign of which English Monarch?
What was the name of David Bowie’s final album released two days before his death?
Shirley Temple served as US Ambassador to which African country from 1974 – 1976?
"The last 3 holes of which golf course are named ""Redbud"", ""Nandina"" and ""Hotly""?"
What was the name of the country prior to being renamed as Namibia?
The Gulf of Carpentaria is an inlet on the north coast of which country?
"Who wrote the trilogy of books ""The Millennium Trilogy"" featuring the character Lisbeth Salander?"
What is the name of the 2500km long tourism trail on the west coast of Ireland?
Who has been Secretary of State for Work and Pensions since May 2010?
Who composed the 1965 choral work Chichester Psalms?
In which European city was the world's first ghetto?
In which city will the 2020 Summer Olympics be held?
Granadilla is an alternative name for which fruit? NB it is not the pomegranate!
In a 1934 novella which title character taught at Brookfield School?
Which Government post is held by Chris Grayling?
Which group released their third studio album X+Y in 2005?
Which fruit is also known as the alligator pear?
Which sport had previously been known as Whiff Whaff and Gossima?
Which Democrat candidate did Richard Nixon defeat in the 1968 Presidential Election?
On which racecourse is the Welsh Grand National run each December?
Who was the main female singer with the groups Jefferson Airplane, Jefferson Starship and Starship?
Alan Minter was World boxing champion at which weight?
Which 1968 film featured the 3rd Foot and Mouth Regiment of soldiers?
In the TV series Doctor Who, who was the creator of the Daleks and arch enemy of the Doctor?
What is the distinguishing feature of an animal described as ‘palmiped’?
In which war was the Gatling gun first used?
To within a year either side, in which year was the complete English FA Cup Final first shown live on television?
Who painted ‘Le dejeuner sur I’herbe’ in 1863?
Canaletto is famous for his landscapes of Venice and which other city?
The 1810 betrothal of Princess Theresa to Crown Prince Ludwig not only resulted in the meadow where the event took place to be named Theresienwiese but also started what?
What distinctive Chinese practice (no longer in vogue) seemingly has its origins in a Sung dynasty prince asking his concubine to perform a toe dance after undergoing this procedure?
The crowning of King Momo is an event that kicks off what festivities?
A tourist attraction near Alliance, Nebraska created by Jim Reinders using vintage cars is styled after what monument?
The festival of Naadam that features wrestling, archery and horse-racing is an annual event of what land-locked country?
What aspect of the folktale Hansel and Gretel has been adapted in user-interface design to help users navigate among various screens?
Catoptromancy is the term for predicting the future using what object? Who's the fairest of them all!
If Cerberus is to the Greek Underworld, the dog Garmr is to what location?
What 1841 invention of the art world that replaced the usage of pig bladders was called by Renoir as indispensable for Impressionism?
In March 2013, rapper Gucci Mane was arrested for attacking a man in a bar and a tabloid headlined the news as 'Rapper Mistook Man for a Ship.' What object did Mane use for his assault?
In legend, the Seal of Solomon possessed by King Solomon gave him the power to command demons and to do what else?
In 1914 a paleontologist suggested that what legend might have originated from Greeks interpreting the nasal cavity in the skull of prehistoric dwarf elephants as a large single eye-socket?
Akira Yoshizawa, to whom Google paid a tribute with a doodle of folded letters on March 14, 2012 is said to have elevated what craft into an art form?
What legal term, whose etymology comes from how editors traditionally indicated corrections to a written copy, means that a portion of contract is void but the other part is enforceable?
What name given to an autumn full moon in the northern hemisphere alludes to the brightness of the night sky that aids the shooting of migrating birds?
What decorative order is divided into the five following degrees? 1. Chevalier (Knight) 2. Officier (Officer) 3. Commandeur (Commander) 4. Grand Officier (Grand Officer) 5. Grand'Croix (Grand Cross)
What is the Japanese practice of 'jigai' that is the female equivalent of a more gory procedure prescribed for males?
The medieval practice of appointing a cardinal who was a nephew of a pope gives us which English word that means bestowing favors to relatives/friends?
The temple of the Hindu god Lord Venkateshwara in Tirupathi, India holds what distinction? You won't miss the crowds.
Typically worn in rural areas while hunting, what type of hat became a stereotypical head wear of a detective because of its association with Sherlock Holmes?
What is the name given to a sculpted female figure serving as an architectural support taking the place of a column or a pillar?
What generic name for any project for radical innovation was first used at Lockheed Martin and can be traced to the comic strip Li'l Abner in which it is the job that no one wants?
What type of 'helpful' businesses operate on the basis of the Rochdale Principles that were formulated in 1844?
What product invented by Frederick Walton in 1864 became so widely used and 'stepped on' that the name became generic just 14 years after its invention?
Named for a Greek muse and currently given by the Nielsen Company, what are the awards given to reward creative excellence in advertising and design?
The American journalist Ida Tarbell is known for her expose of the corrupt practices of which giant company? John D. Rockefeller probably hated her!
In the 2014 zombie comedy Life After Beth, a character takes offense when asked about zombies just because she is from what country?
The camera technique of panning and zooming on still photographs often seen in documentaries has come to be known as the effect of what filmmaker?
What classic of world cinema tells the story of the Ekdahl family while focusing on two siblings?
Which Best Picture Oscar winning movie did Spielberg nearly walk out on saying that holocaust and humor do not mix?
Who is the movie character whose best known name contradicts that he is addressed as Joe, Manco, and Blondie in an action trilogy?
"Commenting on the death of screenwriter Ruth Prawer Jhabvala in April 2013, which film company issued the statement ""The passing of our two-time Academy Award winning screenwriter is a significant loss to the global film community.""?"
"Solve and come up with a movie. Zebra, laughing/spotted, 'person of the forest' (Malay), ""Eye of the ___"" (Survivor) (or) Buddhist, cook, mother, protagonist"
The documentary Lousy Little Sixpence (1983) and the feature-film Rabbit-Proof Fence (2002) focus on 'Stolen Generations' in which country?
"""At night they fly, you better run, these winged things are not much fun."" ""In the jungle you must wait, until the dice read five or eight."" ""A tiny bite can make you itch, make you sneeze, make you twitch."" ""This will not be an easy mission, monkeys slow the expedition."" Clues from what 1995 movie game?"
What 1920s silent film classic was conceived when its German director gazed upon the skyscrapers of New York from a ship?
In Kubrick's masterpiece 2001: A Space Odyssey, in a famous scene shift intended to show progress, a bone thrown in the air becomes what object?
A 2002 article titled What's Sarong with this Picture? in an online film journal profiled which yesteryear actress?
Bill Gold whose most noted creations are for films as varied as Casablanca, A Clockwork Orange, Mystic River and The Sting is renowned for what type of work?
Which movie villain who 'resides' on Discovery One was voiced by Douglas Rain? I wouldn't skip this question if I were you, Dave!
The documentary about the making of which 1970s groundbreaking film was titled Hearts of Darkness alluding not just to the novel that inspired it but also to it's chaotic production?
The Dodecanese Campaign of WWII that was an attempt by the Allied forces to capture islands in the Aegean Sea was the inspiration for which acclaimed 1961 commando film?
In the list of the 100 Greatest Movie Heroes and Villains chosen by the American Film Institute in 2003, can you name either of the two films that had both the hero and the villain make it to the top 10?
What 2009 hit that rewarded a woman director opens with the quotation 'The rush of battle is a potent and often lethal addiction, for war is a drug'?
"In a 2007 interview, which actor 'animatedly' bemoaned ""I hate that cat! Ever since I did that cat, I disappear. It's all about the cat. It stole everything from me.""?"
Mammy Two Shoes, a recurring character in MGM's Tom and Jerry cartoons was inspired by which African-American actress and singer?
Which largest privately-owned home in the United States was prominently featured in the 2001 movie Hannibal among others?
What period film of Stanley Kubrick that recounts the exploits of an 18th century Irish adventurer is loosely based on a novel of William Makepeace Thackeray?
In which award winning 1990 movie is much of the dialog in the Lakota language?
Which working-class dish gets its name from the fact that sausages containing excess water explode when cooked in high-heat?
What food staple is the focus of a 1980 documentary ___ Is as Good as Ten Mothers that was filmed primarily in Gilroy, California?
What concept of the restaurant industry was created when Bob Bernstein reasoned that if kids could get their own packaged meal instead of sharing their parent's food, everybody would be pleased?
What is the second-largest day for U.S. food consumption, after Thanksgiving Day?
Which sauce made from ham drippings and coffee and seen in the cuisine of the Southern United States gets its name from its appearance like that of a certain body organ?
Which crop that was of great nutritional importance in pre-Columbian Andean civilizations, and which has now entered the mainstream world market, was called as the 'mother of all grains' by the Incas?
What is particularly common to the ships SS Yongala, SS Thistlegorm, USAT Liberty, and President Coolidge?
The key attribute of what distinctive ethnic group has one possible explanation as the low ultraviolet light levels in rainforests hindering the production of vitamin D and limiting calcium uptake for bone growth?
In September 2014, a news anchor in India's public service broadcaster was disciplined after reading which visiting dignitary's name as President Eleven?
"Didier Delsalle who wrote the following words confirming his May 14, 2005 achievement became the first person to land a helicopter where? ""No, nobody went out of the helicopter as I was alone and quite busy to stabilize the helicopter on this windy ...! The terrain characteristics prevent any full landing on the ... as you can see on the videos and only a hover landing..."""
In 2014, CNN reported that FBI and other law enforcement agencies send their trainees to what Washington, D.C. museum so they can see for themselves how not protecting civil liberties can lead to bigger horrors?
"The photograph The Falling Man by Richard Drew that was called ""the most powerful image of despair at the beginning of ..."" (a particular century) was taken on what day?"
What modern narrative got its lease of life when editor Lee Salem heard his 8-yr son say it was like Doonesbury for kids when he was about to reject it for being too-literate/too-adult?
In 1988, to reflect the modern family, what change was made to Nestlé's famous birds logo that showed a mother and three fledglings?
What the Dickens! Which entertainer who has so far sold a magical 40 million tickets holds the record of grossing more than any other solo entertainer in history with over $3 billion?
Boustrophedon is a style of bi-directional text where every other line of writing is reversed. It literally means the turning of an ox in Greek referring to what activity?
If Aman handles military intelligence and Shin Bet handles internal security, which agency is responsible for the overseas intelligence work of its country?
Bran Castle that is located on the border between Transylvania and Wallachia in Romania is marketed as the home of which sinister figure?
Used to describe US citizens who attempted to foment insurrections in Latin America in the mid-19th century, what is the term for someone who engages in an unauthorized military expedition into a foreign country to support a revolution?
Before being surpassed in 1311 AD by the Lincoln Cathedral in England, what construction with its 481 feet held the title for the tallest man-made structure for hundreds of years?
Whose summer residence is at Lake Gandalfo, a small town south-east of Rome?
In the Norrmalmstorg bank robbery in 1973, employees were held hostage for a few days and became emotionally attached to their captors, and even defended them after they were freed from their six-day ordeal. In which city did this incident take place?
Which organization of the Catholic church whose name is Latin for 'Work of God' received world attention with the publication of The Da Vinci Code in which it is portrayed as participating in a sinister international conspiracy?
What are fished by the crews in the freezing waters of Alaska as shown in Discovery Channel's hit series Deadliest Catch?
The organization Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) was created in 1971 as an aftermath of what humanitarian crisis in Africa?
The Frenchman Jean Robert-Houdin (1805-1871) is credited with formalizing what form of entertainment?
The infamous drug cartel run by Pablo Escobar through the 1970s and 1980s takes its name from which Columbian city?
Which organization claims to have the world's largest collection of public records, unpublished opinions, forms, legal, news, and business information?
What are Cohíba, Hoyo de Monterrey, Montecristo, Partagás, Romeo y Julieta and Quintero?
If you are standing at Tanjung Piai, the southernmost point of mainland Asia, you can see the skyline of what country across a strait?
In an episode of the television series The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles, when Indy is marooned on the Trobriand Islands, which person whose work on the islands popularized a field of social science does he meet?
Perhaps foreshadowing recent events in Ukraine, over what region of the Southern Caucasus did Russia and Georgia go to war in 2008?
The hypothetical Jireček Line divides what region of the world, now a byword for fragmentation, into Latin influenced and Greek influenced regions?
After an episode of The Simpsons in which Bart is eaten by a boa aired in 2002, which city's tourism department threatened to sue Fox for defamation? (hint: the city was the center of world's attention in 2014 and will be in 2016 as well)
What country has the greatest proportion of Hindus in its population with 80.6% (hint: not India)?
A set of traditional laws called Kanun influence life in what mountainous European country?
After USA, what is the largest country in the world named after a person?
The Darién Gap which may preempt many motoring adventures is a break in what road network?
What is the world's smallest land-locked country?
The order of what you see below might be disputed but there is no ambiguity about the answer. What comes next? Iberia, Scandinavia, Labrador, Alaska, Southern India, ___
An urban legend about the similarity in the flags of Bahrain and what other country says that the red color of Bahrain weathered in the sun into the maroon of the other?
What 3-word phrase used to denote unexplored territories derives from the medieval practice of putting sea serpents in uncharted areas of maps?
If Westminster Abbey is to British monarchs and Reims is to French monarchs, which city is to the kings of Germany?
Mohenjo-daro and Harappa in present-day Pakistan were the most important city settlements of a Bronze Age civilization that is named after what major geographic feature?
If the Staten Island Ferry is to New York, the Star Ferry that was originally called the Kowloon Ferry Company is to what city?
What are the table-top mountains found in the Guiana Highlands of South America (especially Venezuela) that inspired Arthur Conan Doyle's The Lost World and also appear prominently in the landscapes of the Pixar hit Up?
Which Japanese island that has its capital at Sapporo is the traditional home of the Ainu people?
What are the only two predominantly Roman Catholic countries in Asia?
The Bridge of the Horns is a proposed construction project to build a bridge across the Bab-el-Mandeb, the strait between the Red Sea and Gulf of Aden. What two countries will it connect?
What is the only language that is historically African in origin among the six official working languages of the African Union?
A 'triskelion', a symbol consisting of three bent human legs is featured on the flag of which British crown dependency?
Which country is separated into two parts by the town of Limbang of Malaysia?
The flag of which country prominently features 'The Eagle of Saladin' holding a scroll bearing the name of the country in Arabic?
Luzon, Visayas and Mindanao form the three major island groups of which country?
The Caribbean Mosquito Coast historically consisted of an area along the Atlantic coast of which two present-day countries?
What is the largest country with a single time zone?
Which city in Egypt has been characterised as the 'world's greatest open air museum' and contains the ruins of the temple complexes at Karnak as well as monuments that include the Valley of the Kings and the Valley of the Queens?
Which island in the Mediterranean was the center of the Minoan civilization (ca. 2600-1400 BCE), the oldest civilization in Europe?
"On his return from a famous trip on May 28, 1953, which explorer said to his friend George Lowe ""Well George, we finally knocked the bastard off.""?"
In an oft-repeated but untrue story, in a 1971 conversation with Nixon, Zhou Enlai reportedly said that the effects of what historic event were too early to judge?
In the days of Ancient Rome, the Tarpeian rock and the Gemonian stairs have what particular commonality?
Which world leader who had his heyday in the early 1980s had his bust carved on a hillside in his country's Benguet province and which was subsequently destroyed in the 2000s?
"The No. 617 Squadron of the Royal Air Force which operated with the motto ""After me, the flood"" is known for its attacks on what type of installations during WWII?"
The 1938 work The Black Jacobins by C. L. R. James is an account of what upheaval that took place between 1791 and 1804?
A notable event in the annals of crime was the murder of Peter Gusenberg, Frank Gusenberg, Albert Weinshanker, Adam Heyer, John May, Reinhardt Schwimmer, and James Clark in Chicago on what date in 1929?
Every year on Christmas, Aladdin the Christmas Camel recreates a particular person's 1787 hiring of a camel to entertain his guests at what historic New World site?
During the Cuban missile crisis in 1962, whose secret meeting with the Soviet Ambassador Anatoly Dobrynin on Oct 27 at the Justice Department in Washington DC was key in resolving the stand-off?
Hong Xiuquan was the pivotal figure of what 19th century upheaval in China which ultimately claimed about 20 million lives?
What battle of the Middle Ages fought on Saint Crispin's Day has been immortalized by a speech that references the day in a Shakespearean history play?
DEFCON is an alert system used by the US Armed Forces and has levels from 5 to 1, with Level 1 indicating that war is imminent. When did the highest ever confirmed DEFCON of Level 2 manifest?
Which 18th century struggle that ended with the Peace of Utrecht in 1713 was known in America as Queen Anne's War?
Which country is currently ruled by the Chakri dynasty that has been in power since 1782?
The Battle of Kadesh in 1274 BC that took place between the forces of the Egyptian Empire under Ramesses II and the Hittite Empire is best known for the use of what type of vehicles?
The 1827 Battle of Navarino in which the Ottoman/Egyptian armada was destroyed by a combined British, French and Russian navy is notable for being the last battle to be fought with sailing ships. It is a conflict in the war of independence of which country?
After a short war with Norway during the Napoleonic wars of 1814, what country remained uninvolved in any conflict ever since and is now the oldest neutral country in the world?
The Battle of Asculum took place in 279 BC between the Romans and the Greeks in which the Romans lost 6,000 men, while the Greeks lost 3,500, including many of their officers. Who commanded the 'victorious' Greeks?
The Battle of the Plains of Abraham in 1759, a pivotal battle in the Seven Years' War fought between the English and the French, is the only major confrontation ever to have taken place in what country?
Which city of central Spain was renowned throughout the Middle Ages as an important center for the production of swords and other bladed instruments?
The 1997 transfer of Hong Kong from Great Britain to China is well-known. But in 1999, which country similarly relinquished its claim on Macau also handing it over to China?
When it was liberated from the UK in 1957, which country became the first sub-Saharan nation to gain independence?
Shocking! As per the Minutes of the British War Cabinet released in 2006, what did Winston Churchill propose that be done to Hitler if he were caught?
"What 1991 book that ends with Vladek reuniting with Anja after a long separation contains in its epigraph Hitler's quotation ""The Jews are undoubtedly a race, but they are not human.""?"
The main elements of what beloved series came from the author's boarding school experience of lining up in two perfectly straight lines to go anywhere and from his meeting someone who had their appendix removed?
Lapine, which is derived from the French word for rabbit, is the language spoken by the characters of what 1972 novel?
The 19th century invention Paige Compositor sought to replace the typewriter but ended up becoming a failure. Which American author lost nearly all his fortune for its development?
In an interview to The Paris Review, which author talking about his acclaimed 1989 book said that he used the role of an English butler as a metaphor for emotional frostiness and reserve?
What is the name of the vessel in Paul Gallico's 1969 adventure novel that has been adapted as a film four times?
The division of Penguin that deals with science fiction and fantasy books started in 2002 with what fantastical avian name? (hint: Stravinsky)
In The Shawshank Redemption when the inmates are organizing books for their library, when told that this classic French novel is about prison break, Morgan Freeman suggests it be filed under education. What novel?
In a children's classic by Arthur Ransome published in 1930, what are the names of the ships sailed by the Walker children and the Blackett children?
What is the subject of the best-known works of writers Theodor Mommsen and Edward Gibbon?
Great short-stories like The Gift of the Magi, The Ransom of Red Chief, and The Cop and the Anthem are from what collection of O. Henry that was a reaction to a statement that only four hundred people mattered in New York?
The 1968 children's story Tikki Tikki Tembo by Arlene Mosel is a humorous take on the perils of what?
Jim Corbett in whose honor India's first national park was renamed in 1957 is famous for doing what?
Not many have heard the Canadian deathrock band 'A Spectre Is Haunting Europe' but the publication from whose first line the band took its name has definitely been heard. What influential 1848 work?
After the fall of Troy, Aeneas wanders around various places including hell and reaches Italy. Hence whoever wrote about his adventures must be familiar with the realms of hell. What question about companionship in a 14th century classic can be explained thus?
What most-rejected 1974 bestseller describes the 17-day journey of the author (who calls himself Phaedrus) and his son Chris from Minnesota to California?
A trick-performing goat named Djali is the pet of the gypsy girl who is one of the main characters in what 19th century classic?
Which doomed lady of the literature of realism is married to Charles and has affairs with Rodolphe Boulanger and Léon Dupuis?
What 20th century German novel that traces the spiritual journey of a protagonist contains twelve chapters relating to the Four Noble Truths and the Eight Fold Path of a belief system?
Lord Ruthven is the title character of what 1819 story/novella that created a genre whose legacy continues through the books of Anne Rice and Stephenie Meyer?
A fictional species of great apes called 'Mangani' are responsible for raising which popular character?
Jean Bastien-Thiry's assassination attempt on Charles de Gaulle in 1962 is the main inspiration behind what 1971 all-time great thriller?
"What book published in 1922 has the following introduction? ""Some Englishmen, of whom Kitchener was chief, believed that a rebellion of Arabs against Turks would enable England, while fighting Germany, simultaneously to defeat Turkey."""
Roland Deschain is the protagonist of what series of seven fantasy books that were written between 1970 and 2004?
The first name of which science fiction hero created by Alex Raymond was retitled as 'Speed' in Australia to avoid a negative connotation of the word by which we know him better?
What protagonist of a series of popular children's books by H. A. Rey and Margret Rey was called 'Zozo' in 1941 to avoid using the name of the King of England for a monkey?
The title of which classic 19th century Russian novel comes from the plot where deceased serfs are counted for accounting purposes?
The Sketch Book of Geoffrey Crayon, Gent. commonly referred to as The Sketch Book is a collection of essays and short stories published in 1819 and 1820. It is best known for containing what two magical American short stories?
In adventure literature, what lie in an unexplored region of Africa beyond a mountain range called Sheba's breasts and a lush green valley called Kukuanaland?
Washington Irving's classic story Rip Van Winkle is set in which geographic region of New York state?
Swedish director Lasse Hallström who directed Chocolat and My Life as a Dog is also known for his contribution in the world of music to whom/what?
"What popular 1870s music composition is based on a poem of Henri Cazalis that starts with ""Zig, zig, zig, Death in cadence,...""?"
In a move that pissed off some people, what objects were shaped like the lips of the Rolling Stones logo at a museum dedicated to them in Germany?
"The 1902 guitar composition ""Gran Vals"" by the Spanish composer Francisco Tárrega would have remained obscure but for corporate executive Anssi Vanjoki selecting it for something in 1993. How do millions of people recognize it now?"
In December 1971, Frank Zappa and The Mothers of Invention were playing in a concert when the casino venue they were in caught fire due to an over-zealous member of the audience firing a a flare gun into the rattan covered ceiling. This is the true origin story of what rock classic?
After a premiere in 1952, the creator of a certain work said the following words. Name him. They missed the point. There's no such thing as ... What they thought was ..., because they didn't know how to listen, was full of accidental ... You could hear the wind stirring outside during the first ... During the second, raindrops began pattering the roof, and during the third the people themselves made all kinds of interesting ... as they talked or walked out.
Which 1977 musical was inspired by a magazine article about Bay Ridge kids of Brooklyn whose working class lives were said to be so empty that they lived just to dance on the weekend?
The title of what well-known piano waltz comes from the composer's specification that it must be played with both hands held sideways, little fingers down, striking the keys with a particular type motion?
The lyrics of which song first put to music by Pete Seeger in 1959 and later made famous by The Byrds were taken almost entirely from the Book of Ecclesiastes in the Bible?
Which rock concert held on December 6, 1969 was speculated to be a 'Woodstock West' but became infamous after it was marred by considerable violence?
What is the name of the coronation anthem composed by Handel using texts from the King James Bible that has been sung at every British coronation service since 1727?
Which 1968 album released by George Harrison is notable for being the first official solo album by one of The Beatles?
Which 1989 music video of Madonna attracted criticism for showing images like her making love to Saint Martin de Porres, use of Catholic iconography including a scene where she develops stigmata as well as cross burning?
What is the better known name of the English singer Yusuf Islam who converted to Islam in 1977 at the height of his fame?
"'The Doors' generated a controversy with the single ""Hello, I Love You"" in 1968 when the press pointed out it's resemblance to the 1965 hit ""All Day and All of the Night"" of which band?"
Jimi Hendrix presented the broken parts of the guitar that he destroyed on-stage at the 1968 Miami Pop Festival to whom? Not sure if the recipient named it Moon Unit.
A pioneering method for calculating a sequence of Bernoulli numbers in the 1840s has what significance for the digital age?
What short-named body can be called the most geologically active place of the Solar System as the tidal forces of its mother planet cause its solid surface to bulge up by as much as 100 meters?
Wardenclyffe Tower in Shoreham, New York was designed by which genius who intended to showcase it for demonstrations of wireless power transmission?
The longest muscle in the human body which runs down the back portion of the thigh possibly gets its name from which professional's sitting style or how measurements are taken by him?
A steel sphere filled with sodium housed at the University of Maryland seeks to register the flipping of what physical property that is of enormous significance to mariners, among others?
St Thomas's Abbey, Brno in the Czech Republic was the scene of whose path-breaking work from 1856 to 1863?
What is the last name name of the doctor who first described a certain disease in An Essay on the Shaking Palsy written in 1817?
The Hubble sequence that classifies galaxies is also known for being drawn in what shape?
The bitter 19th century rivalry between paleontologists Edward Drinker Cope and Othniel Charles Marsh during their search for dinosaur fossils is usually described with what 2-words?
Scientist Ernest Rutherford once said all science is just what subject while comparing the rest to stamp collection?
Dr. Benjamin Rush gave what expeditionary group mercury laced laxatives which proved to be excellent tracers by which archaeologists have now been able to track their actual route?
Can you connect Darwin and his research on Galapagos Islands to the book To Kill a Mockingbird?
The Miller-Urey experiment conducted in 1953 that simulated the conditions of the early days of Earth aimed to investigate what?
In genetics, who is the woman who lived approximately 190,000-200,000 years ago and who was the most recent woman from whom all living humans today descend?
What is the more common name for 'transposons' discovered by Barbara McClintock who investigated the reason for uneven splattering of color in corn kernels?
What term was popularized by Nobel Prize-winning Paul Crutzen to replace 'Holocene' epoch on the Geological Time Scale as he felt that the influence of humans on Earth is significant?
Project Orion, Project Daedalus, Medusa, and Project Longshot all have in common what transportation principle based on an idea of mathematician Stanislaw Ulam?
The Bedford Level experiments conducted in 19th century England along a canal that ran in an uninterrupted straight line were carried out to determine what?
If numbers 1, 16, 17 and 32 are being removed, what is the most likely procedure being performed? (hint: Unlikely to turn one into a half-wit!)
Every simply connected, closed 3-manifold is homeomorphic to the 3-sphere. Stated above is what mathematical problem named for a Frenchman that defied experts for a century before it was solved by Grigori Perelman in 2006?
Think a big animal and fill in the two missing blanks. ___, ___, Indian, Javan, Sumatran
What is the more common term for the affliction called epistaxis the occurrence of which suggests sexual arousal in Japanese manga and anime?
In 1876, a young Austrian student dissected hundreds of eels in search for the male sex organs. Conceding failure, he turned to other issues in frustration. Who?
What is the more common name for the order Coleoptera which contains more species than any other order in the animal kingdom?
In primary school, after he had misbehaved, his teacher asked him to add all the numbers from 1 to 100. He answered in a few seconds after realizing that the pairwise addition of terms from opposite ends of the list yielded identical intermediate sums: 1 + 100 = 101, 2 + 99 = 101, 3 + 98 = 101, and so on, for a total sum of 50 × 101 = 5050. About which German genius, regarded as the greatest mathematician since antiquity is this possibly apocryphal story often told?
A 'Captcha' test that usually requires a user to identify and type letters/digits from a distorted image is an attempt to ensure that a response is not generated by a computer. It is also described as a reverse what test?
Which Prussian naturalist who influenced Darwin and whose work established the field of bio-geography also has an ocean current that flows from Chile to Peru named for him?
In metallurgy, the term 'rouging' refers to a form of corrosion found on what substance that you do not readily associate with corrosion?
The Apgar score was devised in 1952 by anesthesiologist Virginia Apgar as a simple and repeatable method to assess what?
What two sea-dwelling creatures are notable for being the only species in which males become 'pregnant'?
Which acid that makes up 55-80% of olive oil is also emitted by decaying bee corpses thus triggering the instincts of living bees to remove dead bees from their hives?
Steady now, the physiological sense called 'equilibrioception' allows humans and animals to do what?
Though it is the most abundant metallic element in Earth's crust, which element is very rare in its free form and once prompted Napoleon III, Emperor of France to give a banquet where the most honoured guests were given utensils made of it while the 'lesser' guests had to make do with gold!
A story goes that when this colorful sports figure had to undergo a surgery, his prowess at consuming alcohol was used as a guideline by the anesthesiologist as his physical attribute made all standard references moot. Who?
"Jared Kass, one of the inventors of a recreational sport described it as follows. Fill in the missing word which is also the name of the sport. ""I just remember one time running for a pass and leaping up in the air and just feeling the Frisbee making it into my hand and feeling the perfect synchrony and the joy of the moment, and as I landed I said to myself, 'This is the ... game. This is the ... game.'"""
"Sportscaster Jack Brickhouse who once said ""Any team can have a bad century"" provided play-by-play coverage of what American major league team's games from 1948 to 1981?"
"Addressing which in-the-news person did a pizza chain in India tweet on June 24, 2014 ""..., if you ever feel like biting into a tastier Italian, try our famous Calabrese pizza""?"
"The name of what tennis star was used by a commentator for the the hole cards Ace–King (unsuited) of Texas Hold 'em as they meet the criteria of ""looks great but never wins""?"
Summer Olympic sports are divided into categories based on popularity and the potential in generating revenue. As of 2014, only 3 sports are in Category A. They are athletics, aquatics, and what else?
The Peck and Snyder are sometimes considered the first of what sporting collectibles?
What American city has suffered two (separate) outcomes of what are now called 'The Move' and 'The Decision' in sports lore?
"The chant ""Boom I ay!"" meaning ""kill him"" was famously used to egg which sportsman in 1974?"
Just like par in golf, what is the term given to the line in skiing where most skiers aim to land?
What tactic of sports commonly seen in American major leagues seeks to emphasize players defending areas of field as opposed to particular player(s)?
"Commenting on the election of the new pope Francis I in March 2013, which sportsperson said it was the ""hand of God"" that brought the papacy to his country?"
The Dude would know that stroking and cranking are the two main types of delivery in what sport?
What is the name of the yacht that won the Royal Yacht Squadron's regatta around the Isle of Wight in 1851 and lent its name to a famous sports prize?
In golf, a six under par score has never been, and is unlikely to ever be recorded, as it requires a hole in one on a par-seven hole. What is the 'mythical' term for such a hypothetical performance? (hint: think about the names of under par scores)
The 'Stimpmeter', a device that applies a known force to a ball and then measures the distance it travels is used in what sport?
What is the highest ranked non-human on ESPN's 1999 list of 'Top 50 Athletes of the 20th Century'?
In 2009, the tennis player Shahar Peer was prevented from playing at the Dubai Tennis Championships after she was denied a visa mainly for her nationality. Which country was she representing?
What game whose objective is to knock over wooden blocks by throwing wooden sticks at them is like a combination of bowling, horseshoes and chess and enjoys popularity in Sweden?
Statistically the greatest driver of Formula One, Michael Schumacher won his seven championships with which two companies?
In Japanese sporting world, one of the more unusual memorabilia that can be purchased is the 'tegata.' This is the sumo version of what?
Nicknamed the Russian Dan Gable, he went undefeated in international competition from 1987 to 2000 until upset by the American wrestler Rulon Gardner. He won gold medals at the 1988, 1992, and 1996 Olympic Games and went the last six years of his unbeaten streak without giving up a point. Who is he?
"Which Chinese games' name literally means in English ""little sparrow""?"
Blind Hughie, Sebastapol, All Fives and Block are all forms of which popular game?
Which Asian city's international airport is built at the mouth of the Tama-gawa?
From which fruit is Slivovitz made?
"Deceased wrestler 'Leon Aras' was the voice of the ""Tetley Tea Folk"", by what more familiar name was he known?"
Who was on the English throne 1377 - 99?
Which 590 mile long river rises on France's 'Langres Plateau', enters Belgium at Givet, then flows across that country to Holland and thence to the North Sea?
From which film, for which Chaplin film wrote the music, did Petula Clark have a Number One with 'This Is My Song'?
Which team won the first 'Super Bowl'?
Which car manufacturer made models called 'Ensign' and 'Vanguard'?
Which leader of a British coalition Government became the first Earl of Dwfor?
Who was European Footballer of the Year for 1973 and 1974?
The existance of which planet was mathematically
Who scored the only goal when Everton defeated Manchester United in the 1995 FA Cup Final?
Who played the title role in the 2008 film 'The Wrestler'?
Who played the title role in the 2008 film 'The Curious Case Of Benjamin Button'?
Protons and Neutrons are both examples of which class of sub-atomic particle that takes its name from the Greek for 'heavy'?
Prior to the introduction of the Euro, which coin was equal to one-hundredth of a German Mark?
Which collection of poems did William Blake publish in 1794 as a sequel to his earlier collection 'Songs Of Innocence'?
Which English weaver and carpenter invented the 'Spinning Jenny' in 1764?
For what did the 'T' stand in the name of 'Captain James T. Kirk' in 'Star Trek'?
What two word name is given to an 1887 demonstration in London against Irish repression, a 1905 massacre in St. Petersburg, and a 1972 shooting of civilians in Londonderry?
The musical 'Sunday In The Park With George' was inspired by a painting by which artist?
Livorno, Pisa and Siena are three of the largest cities in which Italian region?
Which country took over the Presidency of the European Union from Sweden on 1st. January 2010?
Which coral atoll, the largest island in the Chagos Archipelago, was forcibly depopulated in 1971 to make way for a joint UK/USA military base?
Which (supposedly) non-lethal weapon was named by the inventor after his childhood hero 'Tom Swift'?
Which spy was sentenced to 42 years in prison in 1961, but escaped from Wormwood Scrubs in 1966?
Who was the last non-American (non-Williams) to win the Ladies \singles at Wimbledon?
Born in Hexham in 1947, what is the profession of Mark Elder?
'Professor Cuthbert Calculus' is an associate of which character?
What is the capital city of Croatia?
Who wrote the plays 'The Real Inspector Hound' and 'Arcadia'?
Who resigned as President of Germany in February?
Which Prime Minister created the first Life Peerages?
Which company with a trademark (£, a German 'L') similar to a £ sign released the first nine 'Beatles' albums?
Which painting by Thomas Gainsborough is thought to be of Jonathan Buttall, the son of a wealthy hardware merchant?
In 'Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone' what is the name of the three-headed dog provided by 'Hagrid' to guard the trapdoor leading to the chamber where the stone was kept?
Who was the Muse of Comedy?
When Alex Ferguson joined Manchester United on November 6th 1986, who was manager of Liverpool?
The Platypus together with the four species of which mammal are the only surviving 'Monotremes'?
How is the former G-Mex Centre in Manchester now known?
In 1995 who famously walked out of the play 'Cellmates' after three days of its London run?
What colour is the square (which contains a white star) on the flag of Chile?
The city of Nizhny Novgorod was, from 1932 to 1990, named for which writer who was born there?
What was the half-time score in the 1966 FIFA World Cup Final?
How was BBC Radio 7 rebranded in April 2011?
Two counties in the Irish province of Munster begin with the letter C. One is Cork. Name the other.
‘The Road Back’ is the sequel to which novel by Erich Maria Remarque published in 1929?
Edward Elgar was appointed Master of the King’s Musick to which monarch?
Name any of the three longest serving Labour MPs – all elected in 1970.
What is the family name of the four Englishmen who play Rugby League for the South Sydney Rabbitohs?
Kiel and Lübeck are cities in which German state?
In which city were the 1984 Summer Olympics held?
In imperial measure, how many gills are there in a gallon?
Which premiership manager upset Louis Van Gaal in February 2015, when he described his team as long ball united?
Whose picture is on the US 20 dollar note?
What is the name of the German anti-Islamisation group that organised a march in Newcastle last month (March 2015)?
Name the year: American gangster AI Capone dies, Princess Elizabeth marries and India gains its independence?
How many champagne bottles are there in a Methuselah?
"Which Prime Minister said ""the War Office kept three sets of figures, one to mislead the public, one to mislead the Cabinet and one to mislead itself""?"
"Which European city in the ""low countries"" has been dubbed ""The Venice Of The North""?"
Which 19th century king sired ten illegitimate children, by the Irish comedienne, Dorothea Jordan?
"Director James Cameron, collected the 'Oscar' for ""Best Director"" in 1998, for which film?"
'Cape Cod Salad' is an exotic summer dish centred
In 'Moh's Scale' of hardness, Talc is at number 1, but what is number 2?
Who wrote the music for 'Jerusalem'?
What name is given to the lowest commissioned officer in a cavalry regiment, such as Prince Harry?
What was the name of the eponymous 'Knight of the Holy Grail' in an opera by Wagner?
What sort of plant is 'Bladderwrack'?
Which film about a submarine had as one of its stars Denzil Washington, whose character had violent disagreements with his Captain played by Gene Hackman?
Urs Buhler, Sebastian Izambard, Carlos Martin and David Millercomprise which singing group?
Who is currently fifth in line to the Throne?
Who was the first winner of 'I'm A Celebrity, Get Me Out Of Here'?
What shape is something that is 'Cordiform'?
What is the name of the Welsh television producer and writer who created 'Torchwood'?
Who became the second Astronomer Royal upon the death of John Flamstead in 1619?
The animated televisionseries 'South Park' is set in the fictional town of 'South Park' in which American state?
Which film, released in 2008, and starring Ryan Reynolds and Rachel Weisz, shares its title with an album released by 'Oasis' in 1994?
At which English footballstadium is the UEFA Cup final to be held next month (May 2008)?
Which British Prime Minister who came to office in 1894, took to riding around London in a carriage at night in an attempt to cure his lifelong insomnia?
William Milbourne Ames was the model for which painting of 1886?
Name either of the two European countries that were invited to join NATO earlier this month (April 2008)?
Prior to Gordon Brown, who was the last British Prime Minister to represent a Scottish constituency?
Give any year in the life of the painter Canaletto?
Which 1993 film starring Tom Cruise, was about a young lawyer who eventually realised that the wealth of the Memphis law firm he worked for emanated from the Mafia?
Scone Castle shares its grounds with which racecourse?
In which sport may a 'Mulligan' be awarded?
Which 2001 film starring Joseph Fiennes and Ed Harris is about two opposing snipers facing each other during the Battle of Stalingrad?
Which actor and producer married Anne Bancroft?
Pipistrellus is a genus of which mammal?
Which word completes the name of the rock band 'Half Man Half...'?
"Which 1968 book by Richard Hooker begins ""When Radar O'Reilly, just out of high school left Ottumwa, Iowa and enlisted in the United States Army...""?"
Which British daily newspaper is published in the Berliner format?
Which is the only mammal of the order Proboscidea?
Who according to the title of a 1992 novel was 'Count Lazzio de Almasy'?
Who composed both 'Merrie England' and 'Tom Jones'?
Which famous British actor is/was married to Anouk Aimee?
Who was Prime Minister of China from 1949 to 1976?
What, traditionally, would a Cordwainer make?
Who together with Vince Clarke, formed the pop duo 'Yazoo'?
Between 1959 and 1967 which city was the capital of Pakistan (Islamabad was being built)?
In a car, what can be an 'SU', a 'Weber', or a 'Zenith'?
What was the middle name of the character 'Albert Steptoe' from the t.v. series 'Steptoe and Son'?
The Liberal Democrats' 2011 Party Conference was held in which city?
Which 19th century British novelist, who worked as a Surveyor for the Post Office, was reputedly instrumental in the introduction of the pillar box in 1852?
The 'Yid Army' are/were a gang of football hooligans who supported which London club?
Which of the 'Spice Girls' advertised 'Milky Way' ob t.v.?
Which language - originally a form of Anglo-Chinese jargon was used by traders and businessmen on the China coast?
Who was hanged in 1962 for the murder of Michael Gregson?
2004 is the 300th anniversary of Britain’s first victory on European soil since Agincourt when Marlborough defeated the French in which battle?
In what US state is Mount Rushmore?
In which capital city are the Tivoli gardens?
In which Children's book does the character Wilbur the Pig appear?
The Kalahari Desert lies chiefly in which country?
In which county is Dunstanburgh Castle?
What was the forename of the composer of the 'Bolero', which featured in the film '10' starring Bo Derek and Dudley Moore?
What connects Ray Reardon, Geoff Capes and Christopher Dean?
In which London Square will you find the Roosevelt Memorial?
Which stretch of water lies between Iceland and Greenland?
Which fashion designer wrote the book, 'Men Without Ties'?
"Which Latin legal term means ""You should have the body""?"
Of what is Malocology the scientific study?
RAF Lakenheath is situated in which English county?
The War of Bavarian Succession was fought between Austria and which other country?
Who became the first BDO Women's World Darts Champion in 2001, winning her sixth world title in January 2006?
Which group recorded the 1976 album 'Rastaman Vibration'?
What is the general term for heat energy that has been drawnfrom under the ground?
With a 'Beaufort Scale' number of 8, and a wind speed of 39 - 46mph. How is this wind force described?
Which battle, the first of the War Of The Roses, took placein 1455 and saw the Yorkists victorious over the Lancastrians?
A 'Tope', also known as a 'Stupa', is a domed structure erected as a burial place in which religion?
Which hymn, based on Psalm 90, by Isaac Watts to a tune by William Croft, is particularly associated with Rememberance Sunday?
In 1337 which English king claimed the throne of France, precipitating the '100 Years War'?
According to the Bible, what was Eve made from?
What kind of bird can fly the highest?
'Whole Lotta Love', 'Yellow Pearl', 'The Wizard', and 'Get Out Of That' have all been theme tunes to which television programme?
"Correct this quotation from FD Roosevelt.""The only thing we have to fear is the enemy""?"
In 1942, which town was destroyed by Nazis in reprisal for the assassination of Reinhard Heydrick?
Who was the last man to wim the Men's Singles Championship at Wimbledon prior to Roger Federer?
The A2 connects London to which other town or city?
"Which movie of 1980 used the tag-line ""They'll never get caught. They're on a mission from God""?"
Who founded the 'Quakers' in the 17th century?
The Zodiac sign 'Libra' belongs to which element?
Which manufacturer produced a motor cycle called the 'Dominator'?
In which novel by Charles Dickens does 'Miss Cornelia Blimber' appear?
In which city was Michael Jackson born?
Which US statesman is on the $100 bill?
Which US state is called 'Old Dominion'?
What was the difference between a 'Hawker' and a 'Peddler'?
Who was the President of France at the time of the Falklands War?
What is the nationality of Manchester City's £27 million striker Edin Dzeko?
In the King James Version, which eponymous book of the Old Testament follows 'Esther' and precedes 'Psalms'?
Christina Kirchner was elected as the first female President of which South American country, in 2007?
Which are the only two colours to appear on the flags of Ukraine and Palau?
Which dish, consisting of toast, bacon, poached egg and Hollandaise sauce, is named after a 19th century New York stockbroker?
What name is given to the open carts used during the French Revolution to transport the condemned to the guillotine?
Who is the United Nations and Arab League envoy to Syria?
Which English town was awarded city status in March this year?
Two of Peter O'Toole's nominations for Best Actor 'Oscar' were for playing which English king in two different films?
Although both her parents are Australian, in which US state was Nicole Kidman born?
Which Liverpool player scored two goals in both the semi-final and final of the FA Cup in 1986?
How many pieces does each player have at the start of a game of Draughts?
Whose horse was called Sleipnir?
Which word is missing from this music hall song ‘When father papered the ......... You couldn’t see pa for paste’?
In the 1963 film ‘Summer Holiday’ the four boys are joined by a girl trio during their journey. Name any of the three actresses in the trio.
Which composer was married to Clara Wieck from 1840 until his death in 1856?
The flag of which extinct European country contained its coat-of-arms (a hammer and compass surrounded by a ring of rye) on the traditional tricolour from 1959 until 1990?
What is the name of the dog in Jerome K Jerome’s ‘Three Men in a Boat’?
Which operatic heroine dies by throwing herself from the Castel Sant’Angelo in Rome?
Born on this day in 1962 John Hannah played which detective on TV, the role being taken over after the first series by Ken Stott?
Whose horse was called Incitatus?
Which saint was known as “The Apostle of the Indies”?
Herisson is the heraldic name of which small animal?
What nationality was Pope Adrian the sixth, the only man from that country to have held the position?
Which word can mean a unit of measurement of a small island?
A democracy is a society ruled by the people. What name is given to a society ruled by the wealthy?
Whose fifth symphony is known as “The Reformation”?
Nicknamed “Old Grog”, which 18th century Admiral ordered the watering down of Royal Navy rum rations?
What wa American composer Hoagy Charmichael’s real full Christian name?
Which name is the last word of the second line of each verse of the poem Buckingham Palace by A A Milne?
How many Enigma Variations did Edward Elgar compose?
By what first name was the actor brother of Vanessa and Lynn Redgrave known?
What was the name of the western lowland gorilla that arrived at London Zoo in November 1947, living there until his death in 1978?
Which writer created the detective Charlie Chan?
Which is the lowest rank of the Peerage?
"What is the English translation of the Italian word ""paparazzi""?"
"Which classic poem's first line is ""A thing of beauty is a joy forever""?"
Which Duke is the only person allowed by Royal Warrant, to keep a private army in Great Britain?
The battle of 'Flodden Field' took place in which English county?
Which German city is served by 'Lohausen Airport'?
'Sir Oliver Martext' is avicar in which of Shakespeare's comedies?
Which art gallery is in Trafalgar Square?
Which unit of weight, equal to one gram per 9,000 metres, is used to measure the fineness of nylon?
In which country is the Eurovision Song Contest to be held later this month?
Which vegetable is added to Lasagne to make 'Lasagne Verdi'?
Also a plumber, what is the name of 'Super Mario's' older brother?
The Esplanade des Quincones and the Colonnes des Girondinsare famous landmarks in which French city?
Elected in 2008, who is the current Prime Minister of New Zealand?
Based on a true story, which 2008 film starred Keira Knightley as the tragic Georgiana Cavendish?
Although they are best known for their only top five hit ,'Amateur Hour' and 'Beat The Clock' were other chart singles for which '70's group?
Which town in southeast Wales became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000?
Winning 102 caps between 1988 and 202, who is the Republic of Ireland's most capped player?
Which village in south-central Scotland became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2001?
In which country would you find the wine-producing region known as 'Casablanca Valley'?
Who played the title role in the TV series 'The Rockford Files'?
Who was appointed as the first High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy of the European Union in 2009?
Who is the valet to 'Phileas Fogg' in the novel 'Around The World In Eighty Days'?
Which 2009 Terry Pratchett novel features 'Mustrum Ridcully' setting up a University football team?
Which work by Gilbert and Sullivan features the 'Duke of Plaza Toro' and his daughter 'Casilda', who becomes the 'Queen of Barataria'?
Which root vegetable pie was named after a Minister of Food during World War II?
In which play by Harold Brighouse is 'Willie Mossop' employed at a shoe shop?
In which novel by Alan Sillitoe is 'Arthur Seaton' employed at a bicycle factory?
The LOGIE Awards in Australia are the equivalent of which awards in the USA?
Araucaria araucana is the national tree of Chile. Although it is not a true pine it became known as the 'Chile Pine'. What is its current common English name?
Who played 'Jonathan Hart' in the TV series 'Hart to Hart'?
Bishop Abel Muzorewa who died in April was a leading figure in the politics of which African country?
What is the name of comic book character 'Andy Capp's' wife?
Which detective, played on TV by Martin Shaw, was created by Alan Hunter?
Which 2009 film is a biopic of John Lennon?
The youngest ever member of the Order of Merit was admitted in 1968 and is still a member. Who is he?
Which model of Ford is named after the Italian resort which was host to the 1956 Winter Olympics?
Who founded the TV production company 'David Paradine Productions'?
Which of the four acting McGann brothers is missing from Mark, Stephen, Joe and .....?
When it was a first performed at the Abbey Theatre in Dublin in 1907, which play caused rioting in the streets because of objections to the portrayal of rural Irish Catholic immorality?
Which African island is named in honour of the saint upon whose feast day the island was discovered in 1471?
In which country are the 'Cro-Magnon Caves', after which a type of early humans were named?
Which of the 'Classic' horse races, run at Epsom for three year old fillies on the Friday after the derby, is named after the estate then owned by the Earl of Derby?
Verdigris is a green deposit that develops on which metallic element when exposed to air or seawater?
Which country defeated the Ivory Coast to win football's Africa Cup of Nations?
The plot of which Arthur Miller play takes place entirely within the mind of a new York Jewish intellectual called 'Quentin'?
Which pub on Whitechapel Road was the site of William Booth's first sermon and the murder of the mobster George Cornell by Ronnie Kray?
Thought to have received the name because its riverside location made it susceptible to concentrations of fog and industrial smoke, Foggy Bottom is one of the oldest and best known neighborhoods of which US city?
Arrecife is the largest city on which of the Canary Islands whose name is derived from that of a Genoese navigator?
In which US city did the 2004 remake of the film Alfie take place?
The charity “Crisis” supports who or what?
Which South American city is served by Simon Bolivar (Maiguetia) airport?
Which chemical element is named after the Greek word for the Moon?
Which former leader of the Conservative Party was MP for Huntingdon?
What is carnophobia the fear of?
Which song was a hit for both Guns ‘n’ Roses in 1988 and Sheryl Crow in 1999?
What was the parliamentary constituency of Tony Blair when he was leader of the Labour Party?
In a Shakespeare play, Lancelot Gobbo is whose servant?
What was the name of John Cabot’s ship which he sailed to North America in 1497?
Which bird is the symbol of the Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust, which began its overseas work in Mauritius in 1970?
Which Scot did Bob Crow succeed in 2001 as General Secretary of the RMT Union?
In which sport did the future King Olav V of Norway in 1928 and the future King Constantine II of Greece in 1960 win Olympic Gold Medals?
Which ball sport is played on a court 18 metres long by 9 metres wide?
Of which country is Yingluck Shinawatra the Prime Minister?
What is the name of 'Jim Hacker's' department in the TV comedy, 'Yes Minister'?
Having risen in Plynlimmon, which is the only English city through which the River Wye flows?
"Which nation's record in the final of football's World Cup, reads ""played one - lost one""?"
'Sir Leicester and Lady Dedlock' appear in which Charles Dickens novel?
Which famous fishing town of east Scotland lies roughly half-way between Montrose and Dundee?
In 1964, who became the youngest winner of the Nobel Peace Prize?
With which common fish is Gooseberry sauce most often served?
How many books are there in the New Testament of the Bible?
In which Irish county is the castle that contains the famous 'Blarney Stone'?
Who was the Norse god of mischief?
Give one of the three areas in which the Trades Union BECTUwas formed to represent?
Who was Chancellor of the Exchequer in Clement Atlee's government from 1947 to 1950?
Who composed the music for the oratorio, 'Belshazzar's Feast'?
Which town was the birthplace of David Garrick?
From which country does 'Manchego' cheese come?
Which animated film, created by Dream Works Animations, is the highest-grossing film worldwide of 2009 so far? (May 2009)
'Sanstorm', 'Walkaway' and 'Flying' were top ten hits for which group in the mid '90's?
To within ten years either way, in which year was author Jonathan Swift born?
Which title, referring to an episode in the legendary history of early Rome, is shared by paintings by Poussin, Rubens and Picasso?
Which 2010 3D fantasy film, starring Sam Worthington and Liam Neeson, is loosely based on the Greek myth of 'Perseus'?
Which metal is created by the 'Bessemer Process'?
'Spring' and 'Rhenish' are the popular names given to symphonies by which composer?
Which British playwright wrote the screenplay for the 1998 film 'Shakespeare In Love'?
One of only two moons in our soar system larger than Mercury, which is the largest satellite of Saturn?
The 'Vuvuzela' is traditionally made from the horn of which antelope?
Also containing Garlic and salt, what is the name of the Greek appetiser, the primary ingredients of which are yoghurt and cucumber?
The daughter of the extravagant baronet 'Sir Walter Eliot', 'Anne Eliot is the central character in which of Jane Austen's novels?
"Who devised the science-fiction law that states ""Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic""?"
The character 'James Bond' was created by Ian Fleming, but who wrote the book 'Zero Minus Ten' featuring 'James Bond'?
The Estonian, Arvo Part wrote a Cantus to mourn which English composer, who died in 1976?
What colour is the flower of the Celandine?
What was the middle name of the character 'Rodney Trotter' from the t.v. series 'Only Fools And Horses'?
Which Hollywood actor was married to Uma Thurman 1998 - 2004?
What type of ailment is 'Sycosis'?
Approximately how long is a Mercury year (+ 1 day)?
Embakasi is the international airport of which African capital city?
In which year was the Jarrow Crusade march to London?
Which post was held by Dame Eliza Manningham-Buller from 2002 to 2007?
Cobra Beer originates in which Commonwealth country?
What name is shared by the capital city of Newfoundland and the capital city of Antigua and Barbuda?
How is children's author Mary Pollock better known?
Who was the scheming wife of the Roman emperor Claudius?
"What was the name of the Spencers' baby in the 1970's sitcom ""Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em""?"
The 1999 film, 'The Green Mile' was directed by whom?
Who directed the 1975 film 'French Connection 2'?
Which member of the 'Dirty Dozen' was also in 'The Magnificent Seven'?
Which Scot was Glenn Hoddle's assistant in the 'England job'?
In nature, what sort of bird is a 'Red Breasted Merganser'?
Who wrote the novel 'The Beach' on which the film was based?
Who was the founder of the 'Mormon Church'?
Which colourless, poisonous gas, with a smell like Geraniums was used in chemical warfare during World War II?
Which piece of athletics equipment has a wire 1.2 metres length?
What was Louise Rednap's maiden name?
What was the name of the company that 'Reginald Perrin' worked for in 'The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin'?
Football. In which decade of the 20th century did the white ball come into official use?
Who played the part of 'The Penguin' in the TV series 'Batman'?
In which year was the Highway Code first published by the government?
Which African country is bordered to the east by Chad, to the south by Nigeria and Benin, to west by Mali, and to the north by Algeria and Libya?
Which Cricket broadcaster is famous for his observations of passing traffic?
In the late 60's, Owen Finlay Maclaren pioneered what aid to mothers and young children?
What is the name of the tropical shrub from which the reddish dye is extracted to colourhair?
Where is the administrative centre of Cumbria?
What is the main ingredient of Hoysin Sauce?
What holiday is particularly associated with Morris Dancing?
Daman Albarn, Graham Coxon,Alex James and Dave Rowntree form or formed which band?
Whose first husband was a policeman called Jim Dougherty?
What is the 'Pritzker Prize' awarded for?
Which band released the album 'Kid' in 2000?
Mike Joyce, Johnny Marr, Stephen Morrisey and Andy Rourke were members of which pop group?
The 'Scharnhorst' and the 'Prinz Eugen' defied the Royal Navy to sail the length of the English Channel when escaping from Breste in 1942. Which other German battlecruiser was involved in the escape?
"What is the literal meaning of the French expression ""Son et Lumiere""?"
The painting by Millais entitled 'Bubbles' was used for many years in an advertisement for which product?
Which 1987 black comedy starred Danny de Vito and Billy Crystal with an appearance by Oprah Winfrey as 'herself'?
"Which Latin phrase, that translates literally as ""under the rose"", means 'secretly' or 'in confidence'?"
Which was the final battle of King Arthur, at which he was mortally wounded?
Tommy Bolin, who died of a heroin overdose in 1976, was the lead guitarist with which group?
Used when making tea, and deriving from the Russian for 'self brewer', what name is given to the heated metal container traditionally used to heat and boil water in Russia, Iran and Turkey?
Long Island Sound separates Long Island from which American state?
Sandra Bullock won this year's 'Oscar' for Best Actress for her role as 'Leigh Anne Tuohy', in which film?
What was the name of the American President played by Martin Sheen in the TV series 'The West Wing'?
What is the capital of Taiwan?
If you order 'Gambas' in a Spanish restaurant what will you get?
Which company first sponsored the big wheel called 'The London Eye'?
Robert Walden Cassotto achieved fame under what name?
Which motor manufacturer produces the 'Sharan' model?
What word is used in betting slang for odds of five to one (5/1)?
With a surface area of 56km2, which Scottish loch is, in terms of surface area, the second largest inland body of water in Great Britain?
Donald Neilson was a notorious figure in the 1970's, but how was he better known?
What type of animal is a 'Binturong'?
Nouakchott is the capital of which Islamic African republic?
Ilich Ramirez Sanchez was a notorious figure in the 1970's. How was he better known?
What was the objective in 1956 of what the government called 'Operation Musketeer'?
Who memorably failed to win the Marathon in the 1954 Commonwealth Games?
In which modern day country was the ancient city of Carthage situated?
What is the meteorological name of the clouds commonly known as 'Mares Tails'?
Three Liverpool players were in the 1966 England World Cup winning squad. Roger Hunt and Ian Callaghan were two – who was the third?
Which Gilbert & Sullivan operetta has the subtitle “The Statutory Duel”?
Who created the cartoon character Hagar the Horrible?
Who appears on the reverse of the current Bank of England £10 note?
Give any year in the life of the Portuguese prince known as Henry the Navigator.
Which geological period is named after an ancient tribe which once inhabited South Wales?
How is the prince described in the title of the 1911 ballet music composed by Bela Bartok?
In which race did Zola Budd and Mary Decker famously collide at the 1984 Olympics?
What breed of dog is Marmaduke in the newspaper cartoon strip of that name?
Michael Jackson was one of ten children. Who is the youngest, born in 1966?
Which A road crosses the Humber Bridge?
Which Central American country has a currency named in honour of a fifteenth to sixteenth century Spaniard?
The title of the play Arms and the Man by George Bernard Shaw comes from the opening words of the Aeneid by which Roman poet?
Which composer of the opera The Bartered Bride died on this date in 1884?
In which English town is the Georgian colonnade called the Pantiles?
What is the stage name of American singer/songwriter Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson?
Accrington Stanley’s biggest league win was 8-0 in 1934 when they beat which club from the Wirral who were members of the Football League from 1923 until 1951?
Which modern day motor car company made the World War II Japanese aircraft, the 'Zero'?
Which cricketer holds the record of taking the most wickets in Test Matches for England?
What is the name of the warm dry wind that blows on the est side of the Rocky Mountains in North America, usually in winter and spring?
In which gentlemen's club did Phineas Fogg make the bet that he could travel around the world in eighty days?
What is the name of the character played by Nicole Kidman in the film 'Moulin Rouge'?
Who was US Secretary of State from 1977 - 80?
Who did 'Eastenders' character 'Dot Cotton' marry in 2001?
To which foodstuff does the adjective 'Butyric' apply?
Who wrote the Buddy Holly hit 'It Doesn't Matter Anymore'?
In which country's army did Guy Fawkes enlist in 1593?
Which singer-actress played 'Evita' in the 1996 film of that name?
Who were the first ever winners of the FA Cup, in 1872?
What is the name of the Police Chief in 'The Simpsons'?
Which Shakespeare play centres around a novice nun called 'Isabella' whosebrother is to be executed unless she succumbs to the attentions of 'Angelo'?
Which fictional/historical character owned a dog called 'Cabal' (or Cavall)?
In internet chat room language, what does 'BRB' mean?
Name the first monarch of the House of Lancaster?
"The following is the first line from which book?""1801 - I have just returned from a visit to my landlord""."
What word connects bermuda with a Scottish Racecourse?
Napoleon called this the 'Battle of Mont Saint Jean', by what name do we know it?
In Greek mythology, who was the mother of Perseus visited by Zeus disguised as a shower of gold?
The trade union Unison was formed by a merger of NALGO, NUPE and which other union?
"Which writer in a famous book wrote, ""Work fascinates me, I can sit and look at for hours""?"
Who was the Liberal Prime Minister of Great Britain from 1855 to 1858?
What is the Spanish word for a 'Bullfight'?
Which film won the 2010 'Oscar' for Best Picture?
Whose state in Virginia was requisitioned to build Arlington Cemetery?
Which car manufacturer produces the 'Sigma' model?
What is the equivalent rank in the British Army of the German rank Oberst?
In which year was the Royal British Legion founded?
What fundamental ingredient of many cocktails is produced from the bark of the Cusparia tree?
Name either of the stars of the I.T.V. detective drama series 'Scott and Bailey'?
What is the name of the hybrid dog, or designer breed, which is a cross of a Labrador and a Poodle?
A nanosecond uses the prefix 'nano', which is 10 raised to what negative power?
Which word completes the title of the 1987 Booker Prize winner 'Moon ..........'?
The legal year is divided into four terms. Which term runs from January to April?
The second act, set in the Land of Sweets, of which ballet by Tchaikovsky includes the Dance of the Reed Flutes?
Which country, formerly known as Pleasant Island, is the smallest island country in the world?
The novels The Cuckoo’s Calling and the soon to be published The Silkworm are written by a well-known author using which pseudonym?
Which BBC2 comedy is set around the church of St Saviours in the Marshes in Hackney?
Which word completes Interatrial _______ and Interventricular ________ which are the walls of tissue separating the chambers on the left and right of the heart?
In which North Yorkshire town is the Green Howards Museum?
What was the first name of Queen Victoria?
What is the surname of the father and son TV comedy characters with the first names Albert Edward Ladysmith and Harold Albert Kitchener?
The Tripitaka is a collection of whose religious teachings?
Who coined the term Rock and Roll?
Which vegetable do the French call Chou-Fleur?
In which musical would you hear the song Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas?
To which order of monks does or did Pope Francis belong?
Name the year: John F Kennedy was elected president; U-2 spy plane was shot down and Hollywood actor Clark Gable died?
What term is used for paper placed on an uneven surface and rubbed by crayon or pencil?
Which fruit do the Germans call Apfelsine?
What does the word Cupidity mean?
What name was given to the day of serious conflict in Londonderry on January 30th 1972?
In the human body, what is the common name for the 'Talus bone'?
Which film finds Mike Myers deeply suspicious about his newly-married wife's skills with a meat cleaver?
What was the name of the school that formed the setting for the TV comedy series, 'Please Sir'?
In Edwin Landseer's painting, 'Dignity and Impudence', what kind of creatures are depicted?
What is analysed by, and of special interest to, a 'Graphologist'?
An American aided coup in Chile in 1973, deposed which President?
Nebuchadnezzar was the ruler of which ancient kingdom (606-562 BC)?
The name of which month is used for a letter in the phonetic alphabet?
Which director won the 'Oscar' for best Director for the picture 'A Beautiful Mind' in 2001?
Charles Rennie Mackintosh was a leading exponent of which art movement around the 1900's?
In which town or city would you find the 'Caledonian Brewery'?
Who wrote the music for the song, 'Moon River'?
Who won the 'Oscar' for Best Actress in the 1950's film'Born Yesterday'?
In which present day African nation are the Amhara and Oromo peoples to be found?
The working title of which sit-com, set in the 'Globelink News' office, was 'Dead Belgians Don't Count'?
By what nickname was the American prisoner Robert Franklin Stroud better known?
Released in 1994, 'Objects In The Rear View Mirror May Appear Closer Than They Are' is the hit single with the longest un-bracketed title in UK chart history. Who sang it?
The song with theshortest title to have reached number one in the UK charts was released by Telly Savalas in 1975. What was it called?
Which English poet and dramatist was jailed for murder of the actor Gabriel Spencer after a duel in 1598?
Which was the first year that the Queen's Christmas speech was televised?
In astronomy, what does 'Occultation' mean?
Which is the only non-European country to have hosted the Winter Olympics only once?
A 'Comedo' is the medical name for what?
In Chaucer's 'Canterbury Tales', precisely what were the pilgrims on their way to visit?
Which singer's real name is Elaine Bookbinder?
Which series of books are illustrated by Mary Grand Pre?
Who was the youngest ever Pope?
In which decade was the David Lean film 'Lawrence Of Arabia' released?
When US President James Garfield was shot in Washington DC in July 1881, what was he doing?
'Signal Failures' written by Dr. B. Ching is the title of a column that has appeared in which magazine?
Which US TV series of the 1960's starring Ray Walston as 'Uncle Martin' and Bill Bixby, was remade in 1999 as a film starring Christopher Lloyd and Jeff Daniels?
On which island is the holiday resort of Faliraki?
The novels 'Dead Heat', 'Silks' and 'Even Money' were written by Dick Francis and his younger son. What is his son's first name?
Papua is a province of which country?
Which character was played by Paul McGann in the 1986 TV drama 'The Monocled Mutineer'?
Kingsley Amis, John Gardner and Raymond Benson have written novels about which character, after the death of the original author?
What name is given to a substance that accelerates a chemical reaction without itself being affected?
Nine tenths of the world's Cinnamon is produced on which island nation? It is the only island to which the plant is native?
Who is the protagonist and narrator of Robert Louis Stevenson's novels 'Kidnapped' and 'Catriona'?
Released in 1962, which was the first of the 'Carry On ....' films to be released in colour?
In Greek myth, who was the beautiful youth beloved of Aphrodite, who died of a hunting wound inflicted by a wild boar?
What were invented by Adolf Fick in 1887 and, while being to all intents and purposes invisible, are used worldwide by an estimated 125 million people?
Name the singer or group whose record in November 1969 kept “Suspicious Minds” by Elvis Presley off the number one spot in the UK charts.
What was the name of the cruise ship hijacked by the PLO in 1985?
Which 2004 film was released with the advertising tagline “A romantic comedy – with zombies!”?
Which is Britain's oldest cathedral?
In Old Possums book of practical cats what is the name of the cat who is the terror of the Thames?
Which flower has the Latin name Hyacinthoides non scripta?
In 1932 which British physicist discovered the part of the nucleus of an atom which was later called the neutron?
Who was Margaret Thatcher's first Chancellor of the Exchequer?
What nationality is James Rodriguez who won the Golden Boot Award at the 2014 FIFA World Cup Finals in July having scored six goals?
Which motorway runs from Cambridge to London?
"Which American President used the slogan: ""It's the economy, stupid"" for his presidential campaign?"
"Which film actress once claimed that ""Marriage is a fine institution, but I'm too young to be in an institution""?"
Which great composer's only ballets were, 'The Creatures Of Prometheus' and 'Ritterballet'?
Which English brewer produces 'Spitfire' Kentish ale?
Which Puccini opera begins with 'Rodolfo' finishing writing an article while his friends go drinking?
From where on 4th October 1957 was the first man- made satellite launched into space?
Who was the President of the USA at the time of the 1929 Stock Market 'Crash'?
Although Steven Spielberg Directed 'Raiders Of The Lost Ark', he did not have the final cut. Who did?
Often used as the official name of the Irish Prime Minister, which Gaelic word translates as chief?
By what more familiar name do we know the 'Angevin Dynasty' of English kings?
Which former American President, who was born on 9th January 1913, died on the 28th April 1994 after suffering a stroke?
What was Kerry Packer's media company called?
In which film did Bruce Willis play the character 'Harry Stamper'?
Who was Manchester United manager immediately prior to Alex Ferguson?
'Agar Agar' is a vegetarian alternative to what?
Who composed 'Zampa, ou la Fiancee de Marbre'. Set in Sicily and based on an old legend of amarble Bride?
Who preceded Neil Kinnock as leader of the British Labour Party?
Which burowing animal livesin a 'Citadel'?
Which British car did Paddy Hopkirk drive to win the 1964 Monte Carlo Rally?
Which character created by Dodie Smith always wore a black and white fur coat and drove a black and white car?
Who became the first President of newly independent Ghanain 1957?
Which Greek philosopher taught at the Lyceum?
Which character created by Keith Waterhouse was played on film by Tom Courtneyand on TV by Jeff Rawle?
In March 2000 a plaque was unveiled at Southport College of Art.It commemorated the contribution of three former students who collaborated in the founding of a comic in the town 50 years earlier. Which comic?
Which pop star had the real name of Ernest Evans?
Actress Sinead Cusack is married to which 'Oscar' winning actor?
The painting 'Faithful Unto Death' can be found in Liverpool's Walker Art Gallery. Who painted it?
Which English chemist discovered the most elements?
Who in 1845, wrote the poem 'The Pied Piper of Hamlin'?
"From which Beatles song do the following lyrics come, ""Nothing's going to change my world""?"
"Which radio comedian's catchphrase was ""daft as a brush""?"
What was 'Bifrost', the bridge that led to 'Asgard' in Scandinavian mythology?
In which constellation is the star 'Betelguese'?
Which element, atomic number 15, has the symbol 'P'?
Which motor company owns the truck maker, Scania?
Which is the largest island off the west coast of North America?
Which animal appears on the flag of the US state of Wyoming?
What type of animal, according to its alternative name, is the Thylacine now thought to be extinct?
Which is the fourth largest of the Balearic Islands?
Who wrote the Cliff Richard number one hit 'Living Doll'?
In which US state is the Innoko River?
"In the famous Morecambe and Wise sketch featuring Andre Previn, what piece was being played with ""all the right notes but not necessarily in the right order""?"
"Give the title of the singer/group who recorded the 1967 song containing the following lyrics, ""He's got people who've been working for fifty years; no one asks for more money 'cause nobody dares""?"
"What film contains the following dialogue? ""It's 200 miles to Chicago, we've got a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, its dark and we're wearing sunglasses""."
"Who famously said after the 'Dunblane Massacre', ""If a cricketer for instance, suddenly decided to go into a school and batter a lot of people to death with a cricket bat, which he could do very easily, I mean, are you going to ban cricket bats""?"
What was the name of the 'Birdman of Alcatraz'?
The painters Theodore Rousseau and Jean-Francois Millet were prominent members of which 19th century French school of landscape painters, named after the town in Fontainbleu Forest where the artists gathered?
His debut album 'Disc-Overy' was released in 2010. By what stage-name id Patrick Chukwuemeka Okogwu better known?
Which 2010 biographical film, starring Mark Wahlberg and Christian Bale, centred on the life of professional boxer 'Micky Ward' and his older half-brother 'Dicky Eklund'?
According to legend, who was the father of King Arthur?
The father of three 'Peter Griffin' is the title character of which American animated TV series?
Which artist, a member of the Order of Merit, was born in Bradford in July 1937?
Who plays 'Hannibal Smith' in the 2010 film 'The A- Team'?
Which novel features the scholar 'Humbert Humbert'?
Which boy band consists of Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, Harry Stiles and Louis Tomlinson?
Which word completes the title of a Marina Lewycka book: 'A Short History Of ....', in Ukrainian?
Name either of Sir Galahad’s companions on his quest to find the holy grail.
Which rank of the RAF is equivalent to Major in the British Army?
Which northern brewery makes Jeckyll’s bitter?
Peter Schmeiche’s son is currently the regular goalkeeper at which English football league team?
Codlin and Short are Punch and Judy men in which novel by Charles Dickens?
Which type of roof is pitched at two different angles, the lower part being steeper than the upper?
What was Roy Castle’s only Carry On film?
Which 'superhero's' alter ego is 'Peter Parker'?
Pd is the chemical symbol for which element?
In computing, 'NOT', 'AND', and 'OR' are examples of what type of circuits?
Which stretch of waterway separates Madagascar from the African mainland?
'Jomo Kenyatta Airport' serves which African city?
Who composed the musical shows 'Swingtime' and 'Showboat'?
What name is given to a line on a map joining places of equal rainfall?
Name the palace and monastery , situated some 25 miles north of Madrid, founded by King Phillip II of Spain?
Who was the Poet Laureate at the time of the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II?
Who played the part of 'herman' in the 1960's TV series 'The Munsters'?
The Crossbill belongs to which bird family?
Give one year in the life of Genghis Khan?
Which Latin phrase means 'to excess, to a sickening degree'?
In the TV series 'Friends', what is 'rachel's' surname?
What was the name of the winner of the 2009 series of 'The Apprentice'?
Who in the Bible, became the first drunken man after planting a vineyard?
According to the Bible, who was renamed Israel because he wrestled with God?
Which company manufactures the Playstation video games console?
In Norse mythology, what kind of creatures were 'Hugin' and 'Munin' who sat on Odin's shoulder?
'Stane Street' was a Roman road that linked London to which city?
Which Greek philosopher is popularly known as 'The Laughing Philosopher' because of his scoffing nature?
Which hit for 'Wet Wet Wet' was the biggest-selling single in Britain in 1994?
Which county shares borders with Northumberland, County Durham, North Yorkshire and Lancashire?
Which of Puccini's operatic characters commits suicide with her father's sword?
In the Book of Genesis, who dreamt of a ladder reaching from Earth to the Heavens?
Which Czech tennis player knocked out Andy Murray in the fourth round of the Men's Singles at the French Open?
Whose novels feature former US Army policeman 'Jack Reacher'?
Franco Alfano completed which Puccini opera after the composers death in 1924?
Alphabetically which is the last book of the Old Testament?
'A Great Deliverance' is the first of many novels by Elizabeth George featuring which aristocratic detective?
The main motto of which organisation is: 'Service Above Self'?
The longest serving Prime Minister of New Zealand was born in Eccleston, St. Helens in 1845. Who was he?
Which author of biographies and detective fiction, widow of a Nobel Literature Laureate, became a Dame earlier this year?
Which company produces the 'Fireblade' motorcycle?
What is the capital of Belize called?
What type of plant is a 'Silver Slipper'?
'Arias And Raspberries' is the title of the autobiography of which entertainer who died in April 2001?
Who wrote the play, 'A Day In The Death Of Joe Egg'?
Which is the sixth book of the New Testament, following Acts?
What word is used in betting slang for odds of 10/1 (ten to one)?
Which hymn, written by John Newton, 1727-1807, was the inspiration for a number one hit of 1973?
Give a year in the life of painter Sir Joshua Reynolds.
While working for an advertising agency, which famous author was part of a team that devised the advertising slogan “Nice One Cyril”?
Who wrote the political autobiography “Speaking for Myself”?
Trinidad lies opposite the delta of which major river?
In which city could you travel on the underground from Olympic Park to World Cup Stadium?
In which city could you travel on the underground from Atlantis to Mall of the Emirates?
By what name was Australia known before British colonisation?
Denis Gabor won the 1971 Nobel Prize in Physics for which invention?
In which film does Dustin Hoffman play Enrico Salvatore (Ratso) Rizzo?
rtve is the state broadcaster in which country?
Which member of Girls Aloud was born in Northern Ireland?
Which European country has regions called Karlovy Vary, Plzeň and South Bohemia?
Who is the only Rugby League player to win two consecutive Lance Todd trophies, doing so in 2007 and 2008?
What sporting term, meaning a second chance, comes from the French word for fishing again?
Which company currently sponsors The Grand National?
Founded in London in 1844 by George Williams, which organisation was established to provide low cost housing in a safe environment?
Who was the last British Prime Minister to die in office?
In 'Brookside', which actress, later to become the star of many TV dramas, played the part of 'Heather Huntingdon' who became 'Heather Haversham', who became 'Heather Black'?
How did Fay Turney hit theheadlines in April this year?
Who won the 'Oscar' for Best Actress in 2000 for her part in'Boys Don't Cry'?
In which country is the airline Bell-Air based?
In which city is 'Armley Prison' located?
On television, who refers to John Lawrence as 'My Noble Lord'?
What instrument was played by jazz musician Bix Beiderbeck?
Which English Admiral gave his name to a battle cruiser which was sunk in 1941?
In which city, one of the hosts for the 2003 Cricket World Cup, is the Buffalo Park Ground?
The Cerval is one of the more uncommon members of which family of animals?
Terry Scott starred as middle-aged, suburban husband, Terry Fletcher, in which television comedy series?
What is the general term for the seed-bearing part of a flower, comprising of the ovary, stigma and style?
"In British history, who was nicknamed ""The Sailor King""?"
Which bird of Scottish coniferous forest is closely related to several small garden birds but is named from the peaked feathers on its head?
Glint Of Gold would have won the 1981 Epsom Derby had it not been for the presence of which 'superstar'?
Which river of West Africa rises in the Fouta Djallan Highlands only 150 miles from the Atlantic, but runs for over 4000 kilometres in length before flowing into the Atlantic?
'Oscar' winning actress Angelina Jolie is the daughter of which actor?
Which mammal has species called 'leopard', 'Grey' and 'Baikal'?
Who was the last monarch to use Hampton Court as an official residence?
In mythology, who was condemned to an eternity of rolling a stone up a hill?
Which town is the administrative headquarters of Northumberland?
"Which product, in its adverts, claimed to ""fortify the over forties""?"
What is the full name of the disgraced 'Big Brother' contestant forced to leave the house for overtly plotting against the other residents?
In which conflict was the 'Battle Of The Saintes', in 1782?
In World War II, which company manufactured the 'Beaufighter'?
Which group topped the UK charts for one week in 1997 with 'D'You Know What I Mean'?
What is the name forthe leaf of a fern or palm?
At a height of over 3,000 feet, the Tugela Falls are the second highest in the world. In which country are the Tugela Falls?
In Shakespeare's 'Hamlet', what was the name of 'Hamlet's' mother?
Which element-atomic number 27- is named after the German wordfor 'goblin'?
In culinary terms, what is 'Dunlop'?
Which country is the world's largest producer of copper?
John Lennon had two number one hits in 1981. 'Imagine' was one, what was the other?
Which is the first book of the New Testament after the Gospels?
The Larkspur is also known as what?
What word connects Sincil Bank with Nebraska?
How many players are there in a Curling team?
Which country's national railway has bought out 'English, Welsh and Scottish Railways' and is negotiating to buy the government's one third share in Eurostar?
What may be described as a 'red earthworm with rings of a brighter colour, often found in manure and used as fishing bait?
Which record by 'The Rubettes', with the initials SBL was 'top of the pops' in June 1974?
By what name do Czechs know their capital city, Prague?
Of which football club was Santiago Bernabeu the President from 1943 to 1978?
What nationality are the architects Jacques Hertzog and Pierre de Meuron, who converted Bankside Power Station into Tate Modern?
Aboard which ship did Japan sign the surrender at the end of World War II?
On which course were 'The Home of Racing Handicap Stakes' and 'The Rowley Mile Maiden Stakes' run at the end of May?
www.lbvcr.com is the website for which event organised by the RAC, this year on Sunday November 7th?
On which course will 'The Ebor Handicap' and 'The Knavesmire Stakes' be run in August?
Which P.G. Wodehouse character has a butler 'Sebastian Beach' and a gardener 'Angus McAllister'?
Which all-girl group had a hit with the song 'Survivor'?
What is Bangladesh's unit of currency?
Which cocktail comprises Tequila, Lime or Lemon juice, and Orange-flavoured liqueur?
Which Rodgers & Hammerstein musical of 1945 features the songs 'June Is Bustin' Out All Over' and 'If I Loved You'?
For which film did Tatum O'Neal receive the Best Supporting Actress 'Oscar'?
"From which Bob Dylan song does the following come: ""Now you don't talk so loud, now you don't seem so proud about havin' to be scrounging for your next meal""?"
In the 'Disc World' novels, what is the name of the horse ridden by 'Death'?
"Which work ends with the lines: ""They hand in hand with wandering steps and slow, through Eden took their solitary way""?"
Name either British coin that ceased to be legal tender on August 31st. 1971?
Who in the title of a play by Keith Waterhouse, was described as being unwell?
By which treaty of 1713 did Spain cede Gibraltar and Minorca to Great Britain?
The Leverhulme Stand and 1539 Restaurant and Bar are facilities at which racecourse?
The TV serie Mad Men is set in which decade?
Alex Turner is the lead vocalist of which rock band?
Name any of the three stations on the railway line between Preston and Ormskirk
Who played Detective Sergeant Trotter in the original 1952 West End cast of The Mousetrap?
CPE Bach was the son of JS Bach. What was the E in his name?
Which American actor was born Spangler Arlington Brough?
Ned Sherrin presented which Radio 4 programme from 1986 until 2006?
“Jessica” is the signature tune to which TV series, first shown in 1977 and still being screened?
In the song “Food, Glorious Food”, which food is mentioned first?
Which 'nursery rhyme' was originally a satire on political instability during thereign of Charles II?
Prince Charles has three other Christian names. One is Philip. name either of the others?
What does the now largely obsolete Bessemer Process produce?
Which boxing champion had the nickname 'Hit-Man'?
The family of birds 'Columbidae' covers which type of everyday birds found in this country?
What well known alcoholic drink was originally known as 'Usquebaugh'?
First flown on the 27th July 1972, who built the F15 Eagle fighter?
If a stately Spanish galleon had a cargo of diamonds, emeralds, amethysts, topazes and cinnamon and gold moidores, what type of ship carried, Tyne coal, road rails, pig lead, firewood, ironware and cheap tin trays?
Who was the driver of the limousine at the time of Diana Princess of Wales' death?
What was the name of the character played by Ralph Fiennes in 'Schindler's List'?
Judge Hiller Zobel was seen worldwide during the televised trial of whom?
"In which film did Bacall say to Bogart, ""If you want me just whistle""?"
How is 'Cedric Errol' referred to in the title of a famous children's novel, published in 1886?
Which was the last century during which there was not a female monarch on the English or British throne at any time throughout that century?
Sara Jane Moore was responsible for an unsuccessful attempt to assassinate which American President?
A 'Carioca' is an inhabitant of which South American city?
In which US city do the basketball team known as the 'Trail Blazers' play their home games?
Which Bourbon whiskey was named in 1933 after the American Colonel who rebuilt the business following the end of Prohibition?
Starring Hugh Jackman and released in 2009, what is the title of the fourth film of the 'X-Men' series?
In Greek mythology, Heracles' Twelfth Labour (final) was to capture which creature?
Which 20th century philosopher wrote 'Being And Nothingness' and 'Critique Of Dialectic Reason'?
In which town in Greater Manchester is the TV series set?
Which film starring Will Smith, Bill Pullman and Jeff Goldblum was the world's highest grossing film of 1996?
Which Italian artist 1518-1594 was nicknamed the 'Little Dyer', he was the son of a dyer?
In cookery, what is a 'Macedoine'?
Name either English football team that have won the old first division but have never played in the Premier?
Which former US President is pictured on the American $5 bill?
John Nettles plays 'Detective Chief Inspector Tom Barnaby' in 'Midsomer Murders', who played 'Detective Sergeant Gavin Troy'?
Blacksmith is a general term for a worker in iron, but what specific name is given to someone who shoes horses?
Who was the Whig Prime Minister of Great Britain from 1835 to 1841?
Who solved 'The Riddle of The Sphinx'?
In Greek mythology, what was the name of the beautiful shepherd boy of Asia Minor, beloved of the goddess Seelene, who put him in a deep sleep so that she might embrace him?
Which of the 'Seven Wonders Of The World' stood at Halicarnassus?
By what name was the American short-story writer William Sydney Porter better known?
Which author died in a car crash in 1960, three years after receiving the Nobel Prize for Literature?
In which country is the most northerly point on mainland Africa?
Often flavoured with fruits or herbs and sometimes used in soups, what is the name of the mildly alcoholic beverage made from black or rye bread that is popular in Russia and several ex-soviet states?
New Britain and New Ireland are two of the islands that make up which country?
Who was the German mathematician who developed differential calculus independently of Newton in 1675?
The paintings entitled 'St. George and the Dragon' and 'Madonna with the Fish' are works by which Florentine master?
Who did Roger Federer defeat in the final to win his first Wimbledon singles title in 2003?
According to the Gospel of St. John, what 'lay on the other side of the Brook of Hedron'?
Levi Stubbs was the lead singer of which 'Motown' group from 1953 until 2000?
Who was the Roman goddess of war, regarded as the sister of Mars?
The ancient Egyptian goddess Serket took the form of which creature?
'Captain Yossarian' is the central character of which 20th century novel?
For which film in 1951, starring Marlon Brando, did Karl Malden win the Oscar as Best Supporting Actor?
Name either of the detectives created by Reginald Hill in novels such as 'A Pinch of Snuff' and 'Ruling Passions', who later featured in a popular TV series?
Which French writer said “Short as life is, we make it still shorter by the careless waste of time”?
Malaga airport serves which of the Spanish Costas?
In the famous story by Robert Louis Stevenson, what is Dr Jeckyll’s Christian name?
Whose portrait was on the back of the last English pound note issued?
The adjective “buccal” refers to which part of the body?
On which horse did Sir Gordon Richards ride his only Epsom Derby winner?
Belonging to Indonesia, Irian Jaya is the western portion of which large island?
Whose portrait replaced Michael Faraday on the back of a £20 note?
In which bay are the Belcher Islands located?
Which WW1 American General was known as “Black Jack”?
American singer Ernest Evans called himself Chubby Checker to emulate the name of which other musician?
Whose law states the “Supply creates demand”?
The name of which musical instrument comes from the German for bells and play?
In 1171 Henry II was the first English king to set foot in an Irish city. Founded by the Vikings in the ninth century, which is Ireland's oldest city?
Which 85 year old former MP is the only female member of the Order of Merit?
How many wheels are there on a sulky?
Which Swiss firm of architects was responsible for the Allianz Arena in Munich and converting B Power Station in London into Tate Modern?
In which country will the 2019 Rugby Union World Cup be played?
Which Shakespeare play could be summarised as 'Falstaff's cynical seduction of two wealthy women goes awry when they find out about each other and decide to return the compliment by making him a laughing stock'?
Which member of the Royal family lives at Anmer Hall in Norfolk?
Whose eighteenth studio album released in March this year is Postcards from Paradise?
Which cardiothoracic surgeon was one of three members appointed to the Order of Merit in January 2014?
Which 1800 battle saw Napoleon's forces victorious over the Austrians near Alessandria in Piedmont?
"In the book of Genesis who asked the question,""Am I my brotherskeeper""?"
Which 'Smokey' Robinson hit took 'Japan' to number nine in 1982?
In which Thomas Hardynovel does the character 'John Loveday' appear?
What might you do in Australia with a 'Durry'?
The announcement came in November 1978 that which member of the 'Royal Family' was to join the armed forces?
The North Sea and the Baltic Sea are linked through which canal?
The long distance train, 'The Canadian', travels between Toronto and which other city?
Which country staged the first Winter Olympic Games?
At the beginning of 'Two Towers', the second book in 'The Lord Of The Rings' trilogy, who was apparently killed in the 'Mines of Moria'?
What name is given to the hot, molten rock found under the surface of the earth?
The South African currency unit, the Rand, is divided into a hundred what?
What is the common name for the perennial-flowering houseplant, 'Saintpaulia'?
What is pickled raw, and served with dill and mustard sauce, in the Scandinavian dish, Gravlax?
In South Africa, who replaced Nelson Mandela as President of South Africa in 1999?
Which town is home to the University of Ulster?
Flourine, Bromine, Iodine and Chlorine are all what type of elements?
Which comic chat show host was played by Caroline A'Herne?
Its capital is Valverde - which is the smallest of the Canary Islands?
What is the former name of Kinshasa ?
Which opera singer was awarded a CBE in 2002?
What is the former name of Tuvalu?
Octavian, who became Augustus, and Lepidus were two of the 'Second Triumvirate' in 43 BC. Who was the third?
In World War I, the British soldiers were nicknamed 'Tommies', what name was given to French soldiers?
Which knight died in 2009 after being a panelist on the same radio show for forty years?
Pompey the Great and Crassus were two of the 'First Triumverate' in 60 BC. Who was the third?
Which Kent brewer is believed to be the oldest continuous brewer in the country?
Which American President signed into law the Indian Citizenship Act of 1924 that granted full US citizenship to Native Americans?
The administration of which American President was rocked by the 'Teapot Dome Scandal' of the 1920's?
The name of which chemical element, with the symbol 'Rh', is derived from the Greek word for 'rose'?
Which Latin phrase, that translates literally as 'event of war', refers to an incident that is used as the justification for war?
'Cosy In The Rocket', by the British electronic band 'Psapp' (pron. sap) is the theme tune to which American drama series?
What was the capital city of Tanzania until 1974?
According to Greek myth, who was the wife of Odysseus, celebrated for her faithfulness to him during his twenty year absence?
In the English translations of the 'Asterix' comics, what is the name of the village leader, a middle-aged, obese man with red hair, pigtails and a huge moustache?
Leslie Poles were the Christian names of which English novelist, born in 1895?
What was the name of the British nurse who was shot by a German firing squad during the First World War after being court-martialled for helping Allied troops escape from a military hospital in Belgium?
Which metal is produced by the Bessemer Process?
Which Jerry Zucker film was the highest-grossing film worldwide of 1990?
The meat substitute 'Quorn' is named after a village in which English county?
In which sport in Britain is the 'Elite League' the top division, with teams such as 'Coventry Bees' and 'Poole Pirates'?
Which single by 'Leapy Lee' reached number two in the UK charts in 1968?
In which sport is April 15th celebrated as 'Jackie Robinson Day', to remember the day in 1947 when he became the first black player of the modern era?
In which year was the 'Boxing Day Tsunami' in the Indian Ocean?
Later a 'Blue Peter' presenter, who played 'Steven Taylor', an assistant to William Hartnell's 'Doctor Who'?
Cousins 'Lucy Deane' and 'Maggie Tulliver' appear in which George Eliot novel?
'John Paul II International Airport' serves which Polish city?
Who is the father-in-law of Manchester City footballer Sergio Kűn Aguerro?
In which city is the Munch Museum, home to two of the versions of 'The Scream'?
In Rome, who formed the 'First Triumvirate' with Julius Caesar and Crassus?
To the nearest whole number, the diameter of the Earth is how many times that of the Moon?
What type of company is 'Dunder Mifflin' in the US version of 'The Office'?
The Freedom Cup is contested annually between the Rugby Union teams of New Zealand and which other country?
Who coached New Zealand when they won the 2011 Rugby Union World Cup?
In a 1970's safety campaign what did Jimmy Savile advise us to do every car trip?
What is the capital of the US state of Georgia?
Which is the oldest of the eight Ivy League Universities, founded in 1636 as New College?
In April 1814 which King gained the French throne to begin the Bourbon Restoration?
Which composer did pianist Clara Wieck marry in 1840?
One Summer: America 1927 is a 2013 history book by which author?
What is the name of the two veins that return deoxygenated blood into the heart?
Name either of Marge Simpson’s twin sisters in The Simpsons.
Sea World is in Mission Bay Park in which US city?
The 'Colossus of Rhodes' was a bronze statue of who?
"Which comedian said, ""Marriage is a wonderful invention, but then again, so is the bicycle repair kit""?"
Give an example of an 'ordinal number'?
'Christie Mahon' is the title character in which play?
Which opera concerns a poet who relates the stories of the three loves of his life who are all destroyed bythe same evil genius?
'Lassa Fever' was first detected in 1969. In which countryis Lassa?
On a computer keyboard, what symbol is shared with the key on which the number 7 appears?
Nicknamed the 'Diamond State', which US state shares borders with Pennslyvania, New Jersey and Maryland?
What colour is the star on the national flag of Liberia?
Who was the mother of 'Samantha Stevens' in the television comedy series, 'Bewitched'?
What medical speciality is concerned with the diagnosis and treatment of hormone disorders?
"Which Scottish writer was nicknamed ""The Great Unknown""?"
What name is given to the large triangular sail, carried forward or opposite the main sail, in yachting?
Which car was nicknamed 'The Tiddler' and the 'Baby Austin'?
Who wrote the poem 'Hawk Roosting'?
What was made at the Herculaneum Factory, Liverpool,between 1793 - 1830?
Which Canadian poet was known as 'the Canadian Kipling'?
What is the name of the musical instrument that is the Bass of the Oboe family?
Who played the roles of 'Verbal Kint' and 'Keyser Soze' in the film 'The Usual Suspects'?
Which woodwind instrument is the smallest of the flutefamily?
What is the last year that a car can be described as 'Vintage'?
Which Rod Stewart song mentions Celtic football club?
What food was named after a Napoleonic victory?
Paul McCartney and Heather Mills became parents together, Michael Howard became leader of the Conservative Party and Saddam Hussein was captured. Which year?
What word could connect potatoes with bicycles?
What is the name of the A1 Pacific steam locomotive which was completed in 2009 and is the first of its kind built for over 50 years?
Which spectacular ridge connects Helvellyn with the Patterdale Valley?
Julie Pankhurst made a fortune creating which website?
What do Jane Austen's novels 'Persuasion' and 'Northanger Abbey' have in common?
What is the literal meaning of the Chinese exercises called 'Tai Chi'?
"Who coined the phrase ""the unpleasant and unacceptable face of capitalism""?"
Who sang about 'Angie Baby' in 1975?
What name is given to the temperature of -273.15 degrees Celsius?
By what name are the Essex one-day cricket team known?
Involvement with which corrupt architect led to the resignation of Home Secretary Reginald Maudling in July 1972?
On which Scottish island is Brodick Castle?
As which bird is the ancient Egyptian god Horus represented?
Founded as The Museum of Manufacturers, it then became known as The South Kensington Museum. What is its present name, given in 1899?
In which country is the Moremi Game Reserve, a National Park, part of the Okavango Delta?
This quiz is printed on A4 paper which has a length of 297mm. How wide, in millimetres, is A4 paper?
Which British butterfly has the scientific name Vanessa atalanta?
What first name is shared by Turner Prize winning artists Wallinger and Leckey?
In a nonsense poem by Lewis Carroll for what were a crew of ten led by a bellman and including a butcher, a baker and a billiard-marker hunting?
The crime drama 'The Killing' shown on BBC 4 earlier this year is set in which European capital city?
Which series of spotters guides was named after a children's game - a complete book was sent to a 'Big Chief', one of whom was David Bellamy the botanist?
What is the highest peak in the EU?
What is the profession of 'Paddy Kirk' in 'Emmerdale'?
Nicknamed 'Robo Cop' when a policeman, Ray Mallon is the directly elected Mayor of which town?
Pete Sampras won the Men's Singles at Wimbledon every year from 1993 to 2000 except one. Who won in 1996?
The first was published in 195. Whose series of five novels featured the conman murderer 'Tom Ripley'?
Name one of the four states in the USA which have the word commonwealth in their official title?
Which American naval destroyer was attacked in Aden in October 2000?
At the football stadium in which city is the 'Baseball Bar and Grill'?
Who was the only judge on 'X Factor' to return for series eight in 2011?
Complete the name of the MLB (Baseball) team based in Arlington, Texas - 'The Texas....'?
In Which English town or city is Becketts Brewery?
Which now defunct newspaper was originally owned by Eddy Shah?
What name is given to the practice of arranging voting districts to favour one candidate or party above another?
"Meaning ""double step” in Spanish, which dance actually originated in southern France but is modelled after the sound, drama, and movement of the Spanish bullfight?"
Until the introduction of the Euro, what is the unit of currency in Austria?
The 1955 film Night of the Hunter was the only one directed by which famous actor?
Who was the first man to swim 100 metres in under a minute?
What is the name of the Mafia's vow of silence?
How many 'Chains' are there on a 'Mile'?
What is the collective noun for a group of pigs?
Still on pigs. Which country rears 40% of the world's total of around 764 million pigs?
190 degrees Centigrade on an electric cooker, is equivalent to 'gas mark' what?
Which was the highest placed Lancashire side in the 2006/7 Vauxhall Conference?
Who was the King of Troy during the famous siege?
"What type of bird did William Wordsworth address with the words, ""Shall I call thee bird, or but a wandering voice""?"
How many sides did the pre-decimal British threepence have around its edge?
Who directed the 1949 film, 'The Third Man'?
What in Sikhism, is a Kanga?
Between 1956 and 1968, the American athlete Al oerter won four consecutive Olympic gold medals in which filed event?
Who was the King of Libya who was overthrown by a military coupled by Colonel Qaddafi in 1969?
Which singer had a 2008 number one hit with the song 'Take A Bow'?
Which 15th century artist painted the famous 'Arnolfini Portrait'?
In November 2008, RMS Queen Elizabeth II will depart Southamptonon her last voyage. To which city will she travel?
For which 1993 film did Steven Spielberg win his first 'Oscar' for Best Director?
Which part of the body is affected by Emphysema?
How are the towns of Hanley, Burslem, Stoke, Longton,Tunstall and Fenton collectively known?
With which area of manufacturing are 'Linn', 'Martin Logan' and 'Krell' associated?
Which politician wrote the book 'Hope and History'?
During World War II, what was the name of the bridge made of portable sections and capable of speedy erection?
With what area of manufacturing are the names 'Audemars Piguet and Cie','Zenith' and 'Ulysse Nardin' associated?
Where are the administrative HQ of Derbyshire?
Traditionally with what were the seams of wooden ships caulked?
In World War II, what was the code name given to the artificial harbours towed across the English Channel after the D-Day landings?
Which planet has moons with Greek names meaning 'Fear' and 'Terror'?
The National Bagpipe Museum is not in Scotland, in which English town or city is it?
Complete the sequence: Johnson, Nixon, Ford....?
Primula veris is the Latin name for which common meadow flower?
Which other car company owns Seat?
Which famous US political figure died on January 23rd. 1973?
"Which company uses the advertising slogan ""Every Little Helps""?"
Which town in Berkshire was the site of two Civil War battles - in 1643 and 1644?
In which game could you be faced with a 'Simple or Double Squeeze'?
Who in 1980, aged 14, from Bolton, England, became the youngest International Master in the history of chess?
"Which company uses the advertising slogan ""Spend A Little, Live A Lot""?"
The 'Gowk' is an old dialect word for which bird?
"In which play by William Shakespeare does the quote ""All that glisters is not gold"" appear?"
Who played the part of Tony Wilson in the film '24 Hour Party People'?
To which species does the Gnu or Wildebeest belong?
Who on television is the 'Idiot Abroad'?
Which screen tough-guy won a Best Actor Oscar for the 1953 film 'Stalag 17'?
Mount Ranier is the highest peak of which North American range?
If you ordered huitres in a French restaurant what would you be served?
Peter Parker alias Spiderman worked for which newspaper?
Which organisation awards the Dickin Medal?
Which prominent Irish Nationalist was hung for treason in 1916 due to his involvement in the Easter Uprising?
In heraldry which word is used to indicate an animal is flying
Which American golfer is nicknamed 'Crazy?
"Written and first recorded in 1937, ""One O'Clock Jump"" became the theme tune of which orchestra?"
Who is the voice of Principal Skinner and Mr Burns on The Simpsons?
Who has been married to actor James McAvoy since 2006?
"""No Count Sarah"" is a 1958 studio album by which singer accompanied by the Count Basie Orchestra, but without Count Basie?"
In the nineteenth century Benjamin West, Thomas Lawrence and John Millais were President of which institution?
The flag of the Isle of Man is a triskelion on what colour background?
Which American University is situated in Ithaca, New York?
Which racecourse hosts the Welsh Grand National?
In which street would you find 'Smiffy', 'Wilfred', 'Danny' and 'Plug'?
What name is given to the song of a Venetian Gondolier?
Which famous family lived at '50 Wimpole Street, London'?
Who was US Defence Secretary during the 'war' against Afghanistan?
What could you have looked-up in 'Bradshaw's' between 1839 and 1961?
Which footballer scored a record six international hat- tricks for England?
Who in the Muslim faith proclaims the hours of prayer from a minaret?
How is 'The Journal Of The House Of Commons' better known?
Which player scored for both teams in the 1987 FA Cup Final?
As at February 2003, who is the Shadow Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs?
Where was Cain banished to after murdering Abel?
Which actress and singer's biography was entitled 'The Other Side Of The Rainbow'?
Which 1960's British group originally comprised EricClapton, Steve Winwood, Ginger Baker and Ric Grech?
Name the Greek equivalent to the Roman goddess, Diana?
Who wrote the children's books 'Pigeon Post' and 'Coot Club'?
Who was Richard Nixon's Democratic opponent in the 1968 US Presidential campaign?
What is the appropriate name of the largest type of 'frog'?
The traditional gift for a ninth anniversary should be made from which material?
How many 'Oscars' did the film 'Slumdog Millionaire' win?
How many American states were there at the beginning of the twentieth century?
Which author, who died in 1932, published his first book in 1905, wrote 175 books and 15 plays in all? His last work was part authorship of a film screenplay.
In the TV sit-com 'Porridge', a youngish David Jason played the part of which old man?
In the Church of England, what position is ranked immediately below a bishop?
The flag of which Asian country contains an image of the mythical Thunder Dragon?
Which English king was born in Pembroke Castle in West Wales in 1457?
The fashion designer Jimmy Choo is best known for designing which item of clothing?
In Greek mythology, which virgin goddess of the hearth, home and cooking gave up her seat as one of the Twelve Olympians to tend to the sacred flame on Mount Olympus, for Dionysus?
How is the peasant girl 'Marenka' known in the title of an 1866 opera by Bedrich Smetana?
Which Tim Burton film is the highest-grossing film of 2010 and, already, the fifth highest-grossing film of all time worldwide?
In 1986, whilst facing England which West Indian batsman scored the fastest ever Test century in just 56 balls?
Known as the 'Phoenix Park Murders', the assassination of Lord Frederick Cavendish and Thomas Henry Burke in 1882 occurred in which city?
Who was the renowned English botanist who accompanied Capt. James Cook on his first voyage in 1768 and is credited with introducing Eucalyptus, Mimosa and Acacia to Europe?
The Greek architect Konstantinos Apostolos Doxiadis is best remembered for designing which Asian capital city?
In the TV sit-com 'Red Dwarf', what was the name of the ship's sentient computer?
Which Australian Prime Minister went for a swim in 1967, never to be seen again?
In which American state is Camp David, the mountain retreat of the President of the U.S.A.?
Associated with salmon fishing and whisky production, which is the second longest river in Scotland?
Sei Shonagon was a Japanese court lady who served the Empress Teishi around the year 1000 AD and who is best known as the author of which book of courtly observations and musings?
Which American film director and writer is best known for his suspense and thriller films, including 'Carrie'. 'Scarface', 'Carlito's Way' and 'Mission: Impossible'?
Which unit of measurement is equal to one-tenth of a nautical mile?
Which British athlete won the Men's 400 metre Olympic Gold Medal in 1968?
Which country music performer was portrayed by Sissy Spacek in the 1980 biographical film 'Coal Miner's Daughter'?
Who was the first Roman Emperor to sport a beard?
Written by Earl Derr Biggers in 1925, 'The House Without A Key' was the first novel to feature which Chinese- American detective?
What was the first name of Mr. Ferrari, the founder of the car manufacturing company?
Which capital city is known as Beograd by its inhabitants?
Alan Greenspan was the head of which US government department from 1987 to 2006?
Which car manufacturer produced models called ‘The Imp’ and ‘The Husky’?
Whose autobiography is entitled “My Colourful Life, From Red to Amber”?
Which capital city is known as Praha by its inhabitants?
“Poor old Johnny Ray” is the opening line of which number one hit?
Who was the first Tory Prime Minister of Great Britain (May, 1762 to July, 1765)?
David Jason starred as Inspector Frost, but who played his boss Superintendent Norman Mullet?
Name the weekly magazine published by the BBC from 1929 until 1991?
In which US state did the airship Hindenburg crash?
The first stations on the four lines leaving which city by rail are Wymondham, Salhouse, Brundall Gardens and Diss?
The Habit of Art is a play by Alan Bennett about a fictional meeting between Benjamin Britten and which poet?
Scotland beat Argentina 21-19 in a rugby union international in June played in Córdoba in a stadium named after which footballer, winner of the Golden Boot in the 1978 FIFA World Cup?
The 2007 film 300 is a fictionalised retelling of which battle?
The adjective vulpine refers to which animal?
What position in the American Government has been held by Robert McNamara, Casper Weinberger and Dick Cheney?
What name was given to Christian children forcibly recruited to serve in the Turkish army between the 14th to 19th centuries?
Which craft uses paper cut-outs and varnished to various surfaces?
Which European country has two cows on its flag?
"Give either of the middle names of ""Games of Thrones"" author George R R Martin?"
Whose 23rd. piano sonata is known as the 'Apassionata'?
In 1902 which food company started production in a disused malthouse in Burton-on-Trent?
Singer Eleonara Fagan was better known by what stage name?
What is the US term for for an area of land of 160 acres(half a mile square)?
In which country will you find the Kremesta Dam?
Which group did Steve Marriot go on to form when he left the 'Small Faces'?
For which group did Jimmy Page, and John Paul Jones play before they formed 'Led Zepplin'?
Which actor played 'Hadley', in the TV series of the same name?
In 1735, the 'Gentleman's Magazine' published a poem about which devoted old couple?
In March 1978 which 'supertanker' split in two, spilling 68.7 million tons of crude oil, which drifted onto the French coast?
Which river runs through York?
What name is given to the contents of an estate were no Will has been left?
Who played the part of 'Jack Sugden' in 'Emmerdale' for 28 years? He died in July of this year (2008).
Which British girl won the Women's Junior Singles title at Wimbledon this year (2008)?
In 1984 Upper Voltachanged its name to what?
The Appian Way ran from Rome to which Italian port?
If an animal that is active at night is described as 'nocturnal', then what name is given to an animal active during the day?
On this day (4th Aug) in 2002, the schoolgirls Jessica Chapman and Holly Wells went missing from which town in Cambridgeshire?
Of all the rugby teams to have participated in the 2008- 2009 Guinness Premiership, which team is furthest west?
What was the name of the aeroplane in which Wiley Post became the first pilot to fly solo around the world?
Which Australian did Roger Federer defeat to win his first Wimbledon Men's Singles title in 2003?
Which author has been nominated for the Booker Prize for the novels 'Briefing For A Descent Into Hell', 'The Sirian Experiments' and 'The Good Terrorist' but is yet to win the award?
Who was the British Prime Minister at the time of Queen Victoria's ascension to the throne?
In which country do the football teams 'Helsingborgs' and 'GIF Sundsvall' play?
Of which European country did Gro Harlem Bruntland become the first female Prime Minister in 1981, serving three terms between 1981 and 1996?
Known as 'Orator', what was the name of one of the leading speakers at the rally in Manchester in 1819, which led to the 'Peterloo Massacre'?
Whose last opera was 'The Golden Cockerel'?
Who played 'Captain Corelli' in the film 'Captain Corelli's Mandolin'?
Of which organisation, founded in Manchester in 1838, were Richard Cobden and John Bright the principal figures?
Only two nations have square flags. One is the Vatican City. Name the other?
Where in the human body can you find the 'Olfactory Bulb'?
Shawn Carter is the real name of which 'rap' singer?
Which acid is contained in Grapes?
Which company made the 'Tigra' model of car?
By population, which is the second biggest city in France?
Which Latin word is used for a recess in a church wall containing a basin for washing holy vessels?
Of which 1960's London gang was 'Mad Frankie' Fraser a notorious member?
Baron Gottfried von Cramm lost three consecutive finals in the Gentlemen’s Singles at Wimbledon in the 1930s. Name either of the players who beat him.
In which country is Angostura where the bitters were first produced?
The 2013 G8 Summit was held at Lough Erne Resort in Northern Ireland. In which county is this?
In old measurement 1 rod = 1 pole = 1 perch = what fraction of 1 chain?
Who wrote the 1951 novel ‘The Caine Mutiny’?
Virginia Wade won 4 Women’s Doubles titles at Grand Slam events (but not Wimbledon). Which Australian was her partner each time?
Who, more famous for his opera ‘Faust’, wrote the music used for the anthem of the Vatican City?
"Who starred in and directed the 2004 movie ""Beyond the Sea""?"
Which 17th/18th century Irish politician leader was nicknamed 'the Liberator”?
Near which Chinese city is the famous Terracotta Army to be found?
In which British city is the Mitchell Library
"Who starred in and directed the 1993 film ""A Bronx Tale""?"
What is the family home of Cavendish's (Dukes of Devonshire)?
"Which king of the UK had the nickname The Uncle of Europe""?"
Which British city is served by Eastleigh airport?
"Which 2009 film was released with the advertising tag line ""Enter the World"""
What is the family home of the Spencer family for over 500 years?
The Wolfe Noel Cup is awarded to the winners of the woman's challenge match the USA v Great Britain at which sport?
Which Scottish football league club play its home games at Palmerston Park
By what name is singer Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta (born March 28 1986) better known in the world of entertainment?
In which English town or city is Her Majesty's Prison Foston Hall?
"Which veteran rock singer released the album ""The Healing Game"" in 1997?"
Where in the UK did the Queen unveil a memorial to John F Kennedy in May 1965?
What name is given to a long, gown-like coat with short sleeves made of wool or cotton, as worn by Muslim priests or high officials?
On the banks of which river does the town of Kidderminster stand?
In 1893 what became the first ready to eat breakfast cereal?
On the banks of which river does the Welsh city of Carmarthenstand?
'Peaches' and 'Trixie Bell' are two of which singer's daughters?
What sort of game would you be playing if you played 'Spoil five'?
What is the name of the circular temple built by Agrippa in Rome and dedicated to all the gods?
In motoring terms, what can be an SU, a Weber, or a Zenith?
Which artist was famed for his paintings of the water lilies in his garden?
Which film studio produced the 'Bugs Bunny' cartoons?
Octavian, who became Augustus, and Marcus Aemilius Lepidus were two members of the 'Second Triumvirate' in 43 BC. Who was the third?
Which country's national flag contains a Yin and Yang symbol at its centre?
What was the pseudonym of author John Griffith Chaney?
What value American bank note has the White House on its reverse?
The sweet red wine 'Commandaria' is produced on which island?
In the Hindu religion what name is given to the triad of chief gods Brahma, Vishnu and Siva?
What is the county town of Mayo?
With what orchestral instrument would you associate Yo- Yo Ma?
Who painted 'Rouen Cathedral: Sunset' found in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, USA?
Which 'Inn of Court' in London is missing - Lincoln's Inn, Inner Temple, Middle Temple and ........?
The Livadia Palace near which Crimean city was the site of a 1945 Peace Conference?
Which of the London Livery Companies is first in order of preference?
On which subject do Carol Kirkwood and Helen Willets report on BBC TV?
'The Playboy Riots' occurred during and following the opening in 1907 of 'The Playboy Of The Western World' by J.M. Synge, at which Dublin theatre?
The name of which chemical element is derived from the German for 'goblin'?
In which German city is the newspaper 'Suddeutsche Zeitung' published?
Which company produces the video game console 'Xbox 360'?
Which t.v. sit-com featured the 'Shipman' and 'West' families?
Give the first name of either of the children of the Duchess of Cornwall?
When sending an email you are given the option to 'Add Cc' or 'Add Bcc'. For which word is the 'B' the initial letter?
In which Italian city is the newspaper 'La Stampa' published?
Who is the detective played by Martin Shaw in a t.v. series set in North East England in the 1960's?
The razorbill and guillemot are members of which bird family?
The words: 'It's the thrill of the fight. Rising up to the challenge of our rival ‘ are from which pop hit?
Which Indian batsman is the top run scorer (October 2011) at the ICC World Cup events?
Who in 1879 established the Christian Science sect?
How many pints are there in a 'Winchester'?
In the 1950's who succeeded Winston Churchill as British prime minister?
"By what 4 letter word is the ""bulb"" of a crocus more correctly known?"
What is the name of the professional body that represents solicitors in England and Wales?
"What was the name of the dog in the children’s TV series ""The Herbs""?"
What was the name of painter van Gogh’s brother to whom he wrote many letters?
Mykonos, Naxos and Santorini are in which group of Greek islands?
Which 1964 film was the second to feature Peter Sellers as Inspector Clouseau?
Give a year in the life of Irish playwright and poet John Millington Synge.
What was the currency of the Netherlands from the 17th century until 2002
The Meltdown (2006) is the second in which series of films?
'Wilson, the Wonder Athlete' who was still breaking world records at the age of 128, first appeared in 1933 in which boy's comic?
In which English county is the town of Oswestry?
Who is the Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills?
Who plays the title character in the recent BBC TV series 'Sherlock'?
Which Central American country has a currency which is named after a bird, the Quetzal?
Named in honour of the Scottish physicist who presented the unified theory of electromagnetism, what is the CGS unit of magnetic flux?
In which prison was 'Amy' born in the novel 'Little Dorrit'?
Which Cambridge College was attended by Anthony Blunt, Kim Philby and Guy Burgess?
Which principality was established in 1278 by the Treaty of Joint Suzerainty?
Which state was created by the Lateran Treaty of 1929?
Which South American country adopted the US Dollar as its official unit of currency in 2000?
At the 1976 Olympics, which Cuban athlete became the first person to win both the 400m and the 800m?
Which American state shares borders with Michigan, Indiana, Kentucky, West Virginia and Pennsylvania?
Which eponymous hero of a Charles Dickens novel keeps a pet Raven called 'Grip'?
Which American songwriter wrote the music and lyrics for the musical 'Annie get Your Gun'?
'The Rape Of The Sabine Women', housed in the Loggia dei Lanzi in Florence, is perhaps the best known work of which Mannerist sculptor born in Flanders in 1529?
Which acid is found in stinging nettles?
The Ore Mountains form a border between Germany and which country?
On which island was the actor Errol Flynn born?
In the original television series of 'Star Trek' (not the pilot edition) who played the part of 'Scottie'?
Which is the largest city on the Caspian Sea?
Which daily column in the Daily Express began in 1917 and continues to this day?
Which island was home to Odysseus?
Which artist founded 'Der Bleu Reiter' group with Franz Marc?
Which European flag consists of three horizontal stripes, red at the top and bottom, white in the centre?
Which boxer fought Mohammed Ali in the fight known as 'The Thriller In Manilla'?
Also the director of 'Insomnia' and 'The Dark Knight', who directed the 2010 sci-fi film 'Inception'?
Which group had a number one hit in July 2010 with 'The Club Is Alive'?
In which country were both the 'G8' and 'G20' summits held in June 2010?
Caroline of Brunswick was the queen of which British king?
Anne of Bohemia was the wife of which English king?
'Original Pirate Material' was the 2002 debut album of which UK act?
Which renowned explorer was killed while searching for Umberto Nobile and his airship 'Italia' in 1928?
In which town in Flanders could you visit the World War I memorial called the Menin Gate?
In Wagner's opera 'Das Rheingold', what was the name of the dwarf who stole the gold from the 'Rhine Maidens'?
Which vast area of flat, arid country in Australia takes its name from the Latin for 'no trees'?
Which village in Sweden has four chemical elements named after it?
What was the name of the short-lived republic that existed in south-eastern Nigeria between 1967 and 1970?
In which American state is Gettysburg, where Abraham Lincoln made his famous address?
Who was the Romanian gymnast who scored the first ever perfect ten at the Olympic Games of 1976?
Mexico has borders with three other countries. One is the USA. Name either of the other two?
Which word which begins 'ou....' is a secret dungeon with access through a door in its ceiling?
Who was the head of the German Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda from 1933 to 1945?
On a clothing label a cross through what shape means 'Do Not Dry Clean'?
Name either of the Sovereign Base Areas of the UK on Cyprus?
Which planet has a diameter that is closest to that of the Earth?
Although the Okapi has markings similar to a Zebra, it is most closely related to which other mammal?
In internet domain names what country is represented by the domain code '.se'?
In which year of the 1940's did Al Capone die?
"Which village, whose name means ""Happy Valley"", claims to be the exact centre of England?"
In which year in the 1930's were Bonnie and Clyde killed?
Herb of Grace is the name given to which strong- smelling herb?
Who won a Best Actress Oscar for the 1940 film 'Kitty Foyle'?
What was the name of politician Cecil Parkinson's mistress and mother of his child?
What is the name of the basket used to keep bees?
Who received a Best Actress Oscar award for the 1954 film ‘The Country Girt'?
Malabo is the capital of which African country?
Which precious gem is the birthstone for May?
Who is the current Wimbledon Ladies Singles champion?
In which Joan Crawford Oscar winning film did the eponymous heroine run a successful restaurant?
What was the realm of the gods in Norse mythology?
Which Chilean socialist leader was deposed and killed by General Pinochet during a U.S. backed coup in 1973?
The Luas Tram system serves which European capital city?
In which book of the Bible would you find the death of Moses?
Excluding caretaker managers, who is the only Scottish manager in the Premier League for the 2015-2016 season?
"Meaning ""optimistic"" or ""confident"", what name in art is given to a dark red colour (particularly chalk)?"
"Name the year - Guernica is destroyed by German aircraft assisting Franco, Amelia Earhardt disappears over the Pacific and the first full length animated film ""Snow White and the seven dwarves"" is released?"
"Which pop group originally called ""Garden Wall"" changed their name when it was said they were ""Born"" their first top ten hit was ""Follow you Follow me"" in 1978?"
Who was the executioner of Louis XVI?
The adjective sagittate means shaped like which object?
'Whom we invite to see us crowned at Scone' is a line from which Shakespeare play?
With reference to interest rates for what does the T stand in TIBOR?
Matt Busby played for Manchester City from 1928 to 1936. Which club did he play for from 1936 to 1941?
George and Mildred and Robin's Nest were spin-offs from which TV series of the 1970s?
The Angostura Bridge crosses the Orinoco River in which country?
In which US state was singer Bruno Mars born?
In which city was King George II born?
Which book of the Old Testament explains how the festival of Purim came to be celebrated by the Jews?
In the opening of which recent comedy film, a sequel, is Justin Bieber shot by an assassin, but manages to pose for a selfie, edit it and post it online before he dies?
In which novel does Flora Poste move to live with her relatives, the Starkadders, in Sussex?
Who became Prime Minister of Canada in November last year?
Which quadrilateral has one pair of parallel edges of unequal length?
"Who wrote the opera ""Gloriana"" for the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II?"
In which part of the human body would you find the Sphenoid bone?
‘Uncle Harry’s Coat’ was the first garment produced by which famous jacket manufacturer, based in Simonside, Newcastle Upon Tyne?
In 2006 Orhan Pamuk became the first Nobel Laureate from which country, when he won the literature prize?
Which U.S. president was born Leslie Lynch King Jr.?
Which European city is served by Domodedovo Airport?
Which Austrian composer who lived from 1797 to 1828 was nicknamed ‘The Little Mushroom’?
Which French romantic artist who painted Massacre at Chios and Women of Algiers was born on this day in 1798?
Which animal is the emblem of the USA.'s Republican Party?
Which canal joins the North Sea at Brunsbüttel?
Which cartoon character lived in Bunkerton Castle?
Yellowknife is the capital of which Canadian territory?
In athletics, which women's world record is better than the men's?
The male symbol is a logo for which Car Company?
To which genus of plant does the Azalea belong?
In September 1645 after the surrender of which city, was Prince Rupert dismissed by Charles I?
In German cuisine, what type of food is Stollen?
What was Quipu to the ancient Incas
"""There was a lot of rocking going on that night, cruising time for the young bright lights"", are the first lines of which 1978 number one hit?"
Rahere, an Anglo-Norman monk, founded which London hospital in 1123?
"Where in the human body would you find the ""Island of Reil""?"
Who is the current occupant of Dorneywood in Buckinghamshire?
"Complete the proverb; ""Hope for the best....""?"
Interflug was the national airline of which country from 1963 to 1990?
Albacore, bigeye and longtail are species of what type of fish?
What is the first name of either of the twin brothers of Ron Weasley in the Harry Potter books?
The towns of Bangor and Carrickfergus lie on opposite shores of which Lough in Northern Ireland?
"Complete the name of the group for whom Young Girl was a Number One single in 1968 – ""Gary ???? and the Union Gap""."
"Which word completes each of the novels in a series by Enid Blyton - including ""The ??? of the Burnt Cottage"", ""The ??? of the Vanished Prince"" and ""The ??? of the Missing Necklace""?"
What is the first word at the top of the front cover of a UK passport?
Name any of the 88 modern constellations that begin with the letter M.
What is the cost of a second class stamp (from March 29th)?
Michael Fassbender was nominated as Best Actor at the 88th Academy Awards for his role in which biographical drama?
Who was the Principal Conductor of the Halle Orchestra from 1943 to 1970?
"Who plays the girlfriend, then wife of Michael Corleone in the 1972 film ""The Godfather""?"
Who is the twin sister of Sebastian in Shakespeare's Twelfth Night?
Luzon and Mindanao are the two largest islands in which country?
Interflug used the AN-2 and AN-24 aircraft - manufactured by which company?
Wednesday Friday is the youngest member of which TV family from the 1960s?
In Greek Myth which legendary monster fathered both the Chimera and Cerberus?
The Vectis National Party was a political party formed in 1967 which campaigned for crown dependency for which island?
Which metal is added to steel to produce stainless steel?
The organisation Spectrum appeared in which Gerry Anderson TV series?
Which band have announced they have recorded the official Wales anthem for the upcoming Euro football championship, entitled Together Stronger (C’mon Wales)?
Bad Guys, You Give a Little Love & So You Wanna be a Boxer are all songs from which musical?
Which British sculptor is famed for simple geometric shapes carved in wood, stone, bronze and alabaster, such as Pierced Form and Four Square?
Han of Iceland, Oedipus in Athens & The Ballet of Unhatched Chicks are all works by which composer?
In 1985 who became the first man to run the 1500 metres in less than 3 mins 30 secs?
Which country has the international car registration code HKJ?
In which U S city is the Gateway Arch, the world’s tallest arch?
Who was the Italian born clown who performed at Blackpool Tower Circus for over forty years?
Royton North, Shaw and Werneth are wards in which Metropolitan Borough Council?
How is Bagatelle Number 25 in A minor for solo piano by Beethoven more commonly known?
On a clothing label a circle with a cross through means that you must not do what to the item?
The letters PS underneath a triangle containing the number 6 indicates that an item is made from which plastic?
Prince Rupert of the Rhine, who fought in the Thirty Years’ War, was nephew of which English King, who made him Duke of Cumberland?
Which musical features the nurse Nellie Forbush?
In which U S state is Arches National Park located just outside the city of Moab?
In which country was England Rugby Union player Dylan Hartley born?
Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease is an inherited muscle wasting disease affecting which part of the body?
Which musical instruction or notation indicates a piece should be played with a tempo having slow movement; restful, at ease?
"Which English playwright born in 1572 wrote the plays ""Il Volpone"", ""The Alchemist"" & ""Every Man in his Humour""?"
OJ presenter Stephen Fry stepped down earlier this year, who has replaced him, she is currently filming the latest series?
Which European country has the Cupon as its currency?
What is the capital city of Colombia?
"Which detective is the protagonist of the novels ""Dead Man's Folly"", ""Cards on the Table"" and ""Mrs McGinty's Dead""?"
On what would you find a Cowcatcher?
Who was US Attorney General from January 1961 until September 1964 and a Senator for New York from January 1965 until June 1968?
For which 1960 film did Billy Wilder become the first person to win three Oscars for the same film?
In the 1968 film Chitty Chitty Bang Bang who buys the car from garage owner Mr Coggins and rebuilds it?
The four town halls in Kirklees that contain concert venues are in Huddersfield, Cleckheaton, Dewsbury and which other town?
Which animal completes the name of the stop-motion animated children’s TV series “Raa Raa the Noisy _____”?
Who wrote the play An Inspector Calls?
"Which political philosopher wrote ""The Theory of Moral Sentiments"" and ""An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations""?"
In the series of films by Disney Pixar, Nemo is a clown-fish, what type of fish is his friend Dory?
"Which singer recently made a surprise return to the top of the UK charts after 29 years, with his album ""50""?"
Which chemical element is the most abundant in the average human body, making up around 65% of actual composition?
Romansh is a native and official language of which country?
Which world war 2 German SS captain and Gestapo member was known as ‘The Butcher of Lyon”?
In which Spanish city is the Alhambra Palace located?
Dame Judi Dench and which other actress played the Widdington sisters in the 2004 film Ladies in Lavender?
Hedonism, the famous resort for the sexually liberated, is on which Island?
Which British political party leader is MP for Westmorland and Lonsdale?
What is the most famous work of the architect James Hoban?
Someone described as a somniloquist would tend to do what?
The name of which chemical element, with the symbol 'Tc', is derived from the Greek for 'artificial'?
Against which power did Rome fight the 'Punic Wars'?
Which French composer wrote the symphonic poem 'The Sorcerer's Apprentice'?
A 'Loganberry' is a cross between two berries, name either?
Against which state did Athens fight the 'Peloponnesian Wars'?
What is the common name for the species of large cattle, Bos primigenius, once prevalent in Europe, that was hunted to extinction in 1627?
Which Norwegian explorer was the founder of the Nordic settlement in Greenland in the 10th century?
What name was given to the metal hoop worn by women in the 16th and 17th centuries to make their dresses stand out?
What was the name of the racehorse owned by the Queen Mother and ridden by Dick Francis that collapsed whilst leading the 1956 Grand National with just 45 metres to the winning post?
What was the name of the US space shuttle that exploded on take-off in 1986, killing all 7 crew members?
The Order of the Elephant is the highest order of which country?
What did Charles D. Barrow of Pennsylvania devise in 1934 and then sell to the Parker Bros. organisation?
The childhood disease 'Rickets' is caused by a lack of which vitamin?
"Which work of literature starts with the lines: ""The past is a foreign country: they do things differently there""?"
What is a vent in the Earth's crust that spouts a fountain of boiling water called?
The songs 'If I Loved You' and 'When The Children Are Asleep' are from which 1956 stage musical?
Name one of the two British scientists who shared the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 2001?
Which chemical element has the symbol TI?
Who painted 'Gypsy Girl' found in the Louvre, Paris?
In which country does 100 Pyas equal 1 Kyat?
What is the name of the opiate-like substances produced in the brain by pituitary glands?
'Picket's Charge' occurred in which battle of the American Civil War?
The Tivoli Gardens are a tourist attraction in which city?
Cassiterite is the main ore of which metal?
In which Polish city did Lech Wałęsa begin work in the Lenin Shipyard in 1967?
Fritz Kreisler (1875-1962) was a virtuoso on which instrument?
The King of which fictional country is drugged on the eve of his coronation in the 1894 book The Prisoner of Zenda?
“And Another Thing...” by Eoin Colfer, published in 2009, eight years after the death of the author of the first five, is described as the sixth in which trilogy of books?
Who plays the title character in the 2003 film Johnny English?
If the states of the US are listed alphabetically which is the last that does NOT contain the letter O?
Two golfers have won the Open Championship in consecutive years since 2000. One is Tiger Woods. Which Irishman is the other?
How many edges are there on a tetrahedron?
Who was the husband of Rebekah Brooks from 2002 to 2009?
Which Scottish percussionist born in 1965 has been deaf since the age of 12?
Which actress Dame was made a Companion of Honour in the 2014 Queen’s Birthday Honours List?
Complete the title of the novel that won the 2001 Booker Prize – “The True History of the _____ Gang”.
Cholecystectomy is the surgical removal of which small organ of the body?
Who was the landlady of the Rovers Return when Coronation Street was first broadcast in 1960?
What is the capital and largest city of the Islamic Republic of Mauritania?
Who played the part of 'Alice Tinker' in 'The Vicar Of Dibley'?
'Stomatology' is the study of what?
Who was the mother of Edward VI?
In 1941, Iran was invaded by Britain and which other country?
In German mythology, what was the name of the siren sent to lure boatmen to their deaths on the Rhine?
Who was the last British athlete to compete in the Olympic 100 metres final?
In 'Coronation Street', what was the name of the character played by Roy Hudd?
"What 1996 film directed by Danny Boyle, was advertised with the tag line ""Choose Life""?"
By what first name is West Indian cricketer Sarwan known?
"What 1998 film diected by Peter Weir , was advertised with the tag line ""On The Air, Unaware""?"
In which US state is Denali National Park?
Of which country was Adrian Nastase Prime Minister from 2000 to 2004?
'The Deep' is an aquarium at the confluence of which river with the Humber Estuary?
Which villain did James Bond play golf against at Royal St. Mark's Golf Club?
Which local radio station broadcasts to Wigan and St. Helens on 102.4 FM?
Sometimes called the 'Invicta flag', which English county's flag is a white horse on a red background?
Who wrote the book 'Friends, Voters, Countrymen' about his election as MP for Henley-on-Thames in 2001?
'Dora Spenlow' was the first wife of which Dickens character?
Which company produces the 'Magentis' car model?
What is the title of the first number one UK hit single for 'Oasis'?
Which former cricket captain of England had the middle names ‘Barker Howard’?
Which perennial herb appeared on the twelve sided three penny bit coin?
The white wine, Chablis, originates from which wine producing region of France?
In the church calendar what name is given to the three days before Ascension Day?
The 'Master Cutler' was a regular train service from Sheffield to which London Mainline rail terminus?
Which Italian artist painted 'The School of Athens'?
Madeline Bray was the wife of which eponymous Dickens Character?
Which English football league team are known as The Posh'?
Give either Christian name of the writer A.J. Cronin?
The first 'A' in the Amazon logo has an arrow under it that leads to which other letter in the word?
Which Charles Dickens novel, his last completed work, features' John Harmon' and the title character 'John Rokesmith'?
What nation put the first manmade satellite in orbit, the 3 first man in space and the first woman in space?
What mission was the fifth human space flight of 'Project Apollo', the third human voyage to the Moon and the first manned mission to land on the Moon?
Which Charles Dickens novel has two title characters, both called 'Paul' and a full title that ends with the words: 'Wholesale, Retail and for Exportation'?
What is the name of the new town on the outskirts of Paris which is the site of 'Euro Disney', opened in 1992?
In culinary terms, what is the Scoville Scale used to measure?
'The Birth Of Venus' is probably the most famous work of which Renaissance painter?
Which giant hunter of Greek mythology was shot dead with an arrow fired by the goddess Artemis?
Which organisation was founded in 1863 after the publication of the book 'A Memory Of Solferino' by the Swiss businessman Henri Dunant?
Complete the name of the Church of England diocese: 'Bath and .....'?
Who wrote the lyrics for 'Sing', written to celebrate the Queen's Diamond Jubilee?
Who also writes using the pseudonym 'Barbara Vine'?
In the poem 'The Charge of the Light Brigade' by Tennyson, how many 'rode into the valley of death'?
Who was the British monarch when Theodore Roosevelt was the US President?
'London Is The Place For Me' which was sung by Lord Kitchener as he disembarked from the 'MV Empire Windrush' in 1951 is what type of song?
Which station is the Paris terminus of Eurostar?
Which manufacturer has produced a 'Nurburgring' edition of the 'Corsa'?
Which philosopher, 1872 - 1970, co-wrote 'Principia Mathematica' with A.N. Whitehead?
Which Spaniard won the Tour de France five times in the 1990's?
The first ten series of which long running TV drama featured the character Claude Jeremiah Greengrass?
Which town is the home of CBBC presenter Hacker T Dog?
What is the alternative two-word name for the Ratel, a member of the weasel family?
American country singer Waylon Jennings gave up his seat on a plane in February 1959 to J P Richardson. How was Richardson commonly known?
Situated in the West Pennine Moors, what are Turton and Entwistle, Jumbles and Wayoh
Who was the first Spanish actor to win an Oscar, for his role in the film No Country for Old Men?
Which was the first US state to secede from the Union in December 1860; the first action of the Civil War took place in that state in April the following year?
Which capital city is served by Arlanda Airport
What is the unfortunate defect inherent in Angora cats?
Who made the first 'golf shot' on the Moon in February 1971?
Which comedian, whose real name was Charles Springall, reached number one in 1958 with 'Splish, Splash'?
The Black Berets are an elite paramilitary force from which country?
Motor Racing. Which team has announced that they are to withdraw from Formula One racing at the end of the year?
As Charles Dickens' 'A Christmas Carol' is generally considered to be a short story, what is Dickens' shortest novel?
Benigo Aquino murdered in the Phillipines, a Korean Boeing 747 shot down over Sakhalin Island, and John McEnroe wins at Wimbledon for the second time. Which year?
The song 'Bewitched, Bothered And Bewildered' came from which musical?
Who wrote 'The Legend Of Sleepy Hollow'?
Which daily newspaper was merged with the daily Mail in 1971?
Which group had UK top ten hits in 1987 with 'Sweet Little Mystery' and 'Angel Eyes'?
In the Christian church, (Major) Rogation Days are days of prayer for what?
Which American city is home to the Basketball side 'The Wizards'?
Which artist painted the 'Seagram Murals' which were originally commissioned by the Four Seasons Hotel in New York in 1958?
In which US city do the Baseball team known as the 'Royals' play their home games?
Located in North Carolina, which is both the highest mountain in the Appalachians and the highest mountain east of the Mississippi?
What is the name given to the vertical groove that runs between the top lip and the nose?
What is the surname of the title character in Kingsley Amis' novel 'Lucky Jim'?
Which member of Led Zeppelin appeared at Glastonbury this year with his current band The Sensational Space Shifters?
What nationality was Christian Doppler after whom the famous 'effect' is named
Which dynasty ruled China from 1368 to 1644
Which former Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland died in August
Which island of just over 30 square miles lies between North Uist and South Uist?
Of what is selenophobia a fear?
Alphabetically which is the first of the five halogens in the periodic table
Which English King is buried in Gloucester Cathedral
Which city lies at the confluence of the rivers Rhine and Moselle
Of what is genuphobia a fear?
"Who plays advertising executive Roger Thornhill in the 1959 film North by Northwest""?"
In which year of the nineteenth century was the most notable eruption of Krakatoa
Name any p *e Icelandic Banks that collapsed in October 2008.
The capital city of Nunavut, Iqaluit lies on which large island?
Who plays 'Mahmud Nasir', a Muslim who finds out he was born Jewish, in the 2010 film 'The Infidel'?
The seven brightest stars of Ursa Major form 'The Plough'. What is this called in North America?
What nationality is singer Rhianna?
What is the name of the line on a Snooker table on which the yellow, green and brown are placed at the start of a frame?
Which Rugby League team plays home games at Derwent Park?
Which Nobel Prize did Patrick White win in 1973?
In the 1870 'Siege of Metz', the French were besieged by which army?
"About which of her contemporary actresses did Bette Davis say, ""She has slept with every star in Hollywood, except Lassie""?"
Who co-wrote 'Some Other Rainbow' with Jill Morrell?
Which US state was known as the 'State of Franklin' from 1784 until 1788?
Which British university was the first to throw open all degrees to women (in 1878)?
What is the name of the UK Women's Prize for Fiction?
The 'Subway Army' are/were a gang of football hooligans who supported which Midlands club?
Kit Kat is manufactured throughout the world by Nestle except in the USA, which company makes it under license there?
In which opera do the characters 'Ned Keene' and 'Bob Boles' appear?
Milwaukee is the largest city in which American state?
What word can mean loose broken rocks or someone who is vulgarly self-assertive?
What politically incorrect phrase was used to describe boxer Jess Willard when he fought Jack Johnson in 1915?
The largest region in New Zealand is Canterbury. Which city is the seat of government?
Which band, formed in Salford in 1976, contained Ian Curtis, Bernard Sumner and Peter Hook?
Who was the father of the prophet Muhammad, the founder of Islam?
What colour is the live wire in an electric plug?
Who in 1928 piloted the first flight between Australia and New Zealand?
'Baby Come Back' was a number one hit in 1968 for which group, founded by Eddy Grant?
Which period in the Paleozoic era came between the Silurian and the Carboniferous?
How many squares are there in a standard 'Sudoku' grid?
What was the first name of the father of the Bronte sisters?
Which comic strip is the most famous creation of Scott Adams?
According to figures released by the ONS what was the most popular name for baby boys in 2012?
238 AD is known in Roman history as the Year of the ........ (how many) Emperors?
There are three independent emirates in the world. United Arab Emirates and Qatar are two. Which is the third?
Who presents the BBC quiz show ‘Perfection’?
In which country is the annual International Alphorn Festival held?
Which character is known as Ursinho Puff in Portugal and Vinni Pukh in Russia?
Who wrote the fantasy novel ‘Carpe Jugulum’ published in 1998?
Which chain store founded by John Hargreaves opened its 200th UK outlet in Croydon in September 2006?
Charlotte is the largest city by population in which American state?
What station is at the western end of the Ffestiniog railway in Wales?
In which country is the volcano Mount Meager?
In Architecture what are a series of short upright pillars supporting a coping or rail called?
"""Wouldn't it be nice"", ""God only knows"" and ""Sloop John B"" were songs from which 1966 album?"
Which scientist discovered the Neutron in 1934?
Who invented the first practical camera in 1839?
"Which African capital city's name means ""New Flower""?"
Who is the current World Snooker Champion?
What is the stage name of musician Marvin Lee Aday?
Whole Again and Eternal Flame were Number Ones for which girl group in 2001?
According to the rhyme which day’s child is ‘full of woe’?
On which Italian track was the Formula One San Marino Grand Prix held?
In which year did Brookside first appear on Channel 4?
For what does the I stand in the Government Department known as BIS?
Ardbeg is whisky distillery on which Scottish island?
Geoff Keegan was leader at which youth club on TV throughout the 1990s?
Who wrote the music for the films A Fistful of Dollars, For a Few Dollars More and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly?
The rotator cuff is a group of muscles and tendons that act to stabilize which part of the body?
A duodecennial event occurs every how many years?
Who composed the Liverpool Oratorio in collaboration with Carl Davis?
In which 1996 film were there characters known as Rent Boy, Spud, Sick Boy and Franco?
Which is the largest city in Pakistan?
Which X Factor winner is currently playing Aiden Conner in Coronation Street?
"""It was seven o'clock of a very warm evening in the Seeonee hills when father wolf woke up from his day's rest"" is the first line from which 1894 book?"
Which road runs from Workington to Middlesbrough?
In which country are the wine areas of Suhindol and Thrace?
In music how many quavers make a minim?
"""Abracadabra"" (1982) and ""The Joker"" (1990) were big hits for which group?"
Which French chemist produced the first vaccine against Anthrax?
"Which Yorkshire born actor twice nominated for an Oscar, ""Dr Zhivago"" (1965) and ""The Dresser"" (1983) is currently playing Corporal Jones in the new ""Dad's Army"" film?"
According to the bible, who helped Christ with the cross?
Which Hollywood film star (1899 -1957) had the middle name De Forest?
Ladon the dragon was killed by Heracles while guarding which of the twelve labours?
Which city is the capital of the Spanish region of Aragon?
What is the name of Mo Farah's coach who has recently been at the centre of doping allegations?
"Who composed the ""Christmas Oratorio"" and ""The Coffee Cantata""?"
Lawrence Sheriff founded which famous school in 1567?
What would a Planganologist collect?
Which vocal quintet was put together in Manchester in 1990 by Nigel Martin-Smith?
Which tennis player born in 1969 won 22 Grand Slam singles titles and Olympic Gold in 1988?
From which film did The Harry Lime Theme come
Who was the lead singer with Stylistics
Who played Penny in Just Good Friends
Which London street became famous as a fashion centre in the sixties
Which Canadian sang Miss Chatelaine in 1993
Who was the first Norwegian group to top the UK charts
Who was lead singer with Frankie goes to Hollywood
Which city is the headquarters of the Mormon church
What is the correct name for a punt pole
A member of which profession would reside in a manse
In what year was the Magna Carta signed
Which musical instrument was Jelly Roll Morton associated with
Found in the garden what type of insect is a looper
In German towns and cities what is the S-Bahn
Who played Patrick, Victor Meldrew's neighbour in One Foot in the Grave
What is Chandler's surname in Friends
Who was the first Briton to hold a world javelin record
To whom was Bob Dylan supposed to be singing It Ain’t Me Babe
First I was afraid I was petrified, are the first words of which song
If you were kicked on the tarsus where would it hurt
Which Oscar winning song came from the film Pocahontas
What is the American equivalent of the Victoria Cross
How many hearts does an earthworm have
Who was the first woman to fly the Atlantic solo
What was Ian Fleming’s first Bond book
Which was the first product to be advertised on TV in colour
In which 70’s sitcom did we hear about the Tooting Popular Front
What is classed as the Blue Riband of the Henley Regatta
Which musical instrument did the Lemon Pipers sing about
A Brecon Buff is a variety of which type of creature
According to advertising which newspaper do top people take
Which jockey won the champion national hunt jockey title 7 times between 1975 and 1985
Which river runs through The Grand Canyon
What was the name of the ferry in the Zeebrugge disaster of 1987
What was the name of the building destroyed in the Oklahoma bombing in March 95
What was the name of Butch Cassidy's gang
On what date does official grouse shooting start
What is the Japanese martial art using bamboo swords called
How many Bond themes did Shirley Bassey sing
What was the former name of The Home Guard
On which TV quiz show was Princess Anne a contestant
What model of Ford was named after a city in Southern Spain
What is the Muslim equivalent of the Red Cross
High Force is in County Durham but what is it
What is the capital of Algeria
What is the state capital of Maryland
In the books by Raymond Briggs what type of creature is Fungus
Which mediaeval author wrote The Canterbury Tales
The Cascades were one hit wonders in the U.K. what was the name of their one and only chart entry
Which one hit wonders charted with They Shoot Horses Don’t They
Who was the golfer who went for a paddle in the 1999 Open Golf championship
What is the title of the chief of a lifeboat crew
What is the name of Tracey's son in Birds of a Feather
Where does the drink port take its name from
What is the state capital of Ohio
Who was the actor who played Ben the head of the Cartwright family in Bonanza
Where was the first penal colony in Australia situated
In the TV series Cracker what is Fitz's christian name
Where in England is Frogmore
On what river is the town of Colchester
Who would use the expression a right plonker
What was the name of the Clampett’s daughter in The Beverley Hillbillies
What is a dish of pickled herring fillets wrapped around an onion or gerkhin called
What is the name of the posh pub restaurant in Emmerdale (not the Woolpack)
What award is given for a wound in the American forces
If you were given a facsimile of the Venus Rosewater Dish, what would you have won
Which famous huntsman who was known for wearing a grey coat was buried in Caldbeck cemetery
What is the name of the official publication of the Jehova’s Witnesses
What is the difference between angels on horseback and devils on horseback
What is a female swan called
Who played M in the Bond film Goldeneye
The governing body of which sport in Britain are known as the Corporation of the Masters of Defence
What is the leather finger protection used by archers called
Who said, a man is only as old as the women he feels
"Who is supposed to have said as he was dying"" I am dying as I have lived, beyond my means"
Who was the owner of Mirror Group newspapers who misused the pension fund
Which boxer broke Muhammed Ali's jaw
Which is the biggest of the London merchant banks
What was the name of the American World War 11 bomber designated the B24
What nationality was Che Guevara
Who had a U.K. No 1 in the 80's with Goody Two Shoes
In The Living Daylights what did Carla keep in her cello case
Name either of the two English counties that Imran Khan played cricket for
What is the only bird that can wink like a human
If cats are feline which creatures are ovine
Born in 1970, which female has been a presenter on the TV shows 'The Big Breakfast' and 'Live & Kicking'
What was Cliff Richard's backing group called before they became The Shadows
What was the nickname of the American World War 2 General Joe Stilwell
Who was the last Tsar of Russia name and number please
Who played the part of Samantha in Bewitched
Who on TV is the Naked Chef
If you were travelling with the ICCB how would you have been travelling
Which U.S. air base in Britain was the scene of a long running women's anti nuclear protest in the 1980s
How many double word score spaces are there on a Scrabble board
At which sport did England play four test matches against the Cook Islands in 1995 and it's not cricket
Which English cathedral was damaged by an earthquake in the middle Ages
What type of animal is a pongo
What is the christian name of the landlord of The Nag's Head in Only Fools and Horses
Where does Dame Edna Everage come from in Australia
Who in 1956 said we are not at war with Egypt we are in armed conflict
What number on the Beaufort Scale describes the wind as gale
Who were On The Road Again in 1968
What is mixed with whisky to make a rusty nail
True or false a bird had more neck bones than a giraffe
Who were the first team to concede 100 goals in a season in the Premiership
Kim Campbell was the first woman prime minister of which country
What was the name of the Prime Minister in the T.V. series Yes Prime Minister
Which hit making pop group played the backing for the Everley Brothers 'Til I Kissed You
Which English public school shares it's name with a farm implement
Which was the second British motorway
Who wrote The Ugly Duckling
Who wrote his autobiography called You Grunt and I'll Groan
Which ship survived Pearl Harbour but was sank in 1982
In which city is Holyrood House
Who is the only British Olympian to have won three successive Olympic gold medals
Who directed the Death Wish series of films
What is the name of the female government spin doctor who was forced to resign
Which national airline announced it had gone bankrupt on November 7
Which island's parliament is called The Court of Chief Pleas
Who were Bolton Wanderers opponents in the first Wembley F.A. Cup Final
Which Englishman was World Speedway Champion in 1992
Who was Jackie Kennedy's second husband
What type of coat did Uncle Albert habitually wear in Only Fools and Horses
Who played Clayton Farlowe in Dallas
What are double bitted, cruiser double bitted and cedar types of
What according to the commercial cleaned a big, big carpet for less than half a crown
What is Donald Duck's middle name
What is the oldest vegetable known to man
How many farthings were there in half a crown
What was the occupation of Lovely Rita according to the song by the Beatles
Who had a number 2 in 1982 with Zoom
Who did Alan Lake marry in 1968
Which actor played Michael Corleone in the Godfather series of films
Which profession are members of the B.D.A.
What is Fred Flintstone's favourite sport
Who was the gangster that Liz Macdonald fell for in Coronation Street
Which playing card is called the curse of Scotland
Which millionaire's daughter married Imran Khan in 1995
What is the subject of the Surgeon's Photograph of 1934
Which double glazing firm used a feather in their advertising commercials
Who was the model who first caused a storm modelling the Wonderbra
What type of product was advertised by Free's recording of All Right Now
Which fashion designer became head of Christian Dior in 1996
In which year was the Dambuster's raid
Where did Anita Roddick open her first Body Shop
What is the most popular hobby
Who won best British group and best British album at the 2000 Brit Awards
What is the study of armorial bearings called
What is the largest natural lake in Wales
Which comedian entered the Guinness Book of Records for telling jokes non stop for three hours and six minutes
When Laurence Olivier became Baron Olivier where was he the Baron of
Who was the inventor of the Barbie Doll
"Which outdoor game is won by ""pegging out"
The Royal Border Bridge crosses which river
What is cartoon character Mr. Magoo's first name
What is the name given to a short handled riding stick
The Arsacid Dynasty ruled which country from 250 B.C. until 224 A.D.
In which town or city were most of the Bowie knives made
What was the last series that Arthur Lowe appeared in
What is the name of the sport in which your opponent tries to knock you off a floating spinning log
What was the name of Catherine Zeta Jones character in The Darling Buds of May
In which country was Queen Elizabeth 11 when she heard of her father's death
What was the name of Sebastian's teddy bear in Brideshead Revisited
Who is the subject of London's first nude statue which stands in Hyde Park
Which of the herbal teas is supposed to aid relaxation and sleep
What is the most exclusive hotel in Brook Street London
Who had a No 1 in the 80's with Karma Chameleon
What is the name of Inspector Clousseau's manservant
What type of scenes was Dame Laura Knight noted for painting
Martin, Mandy and Mathew were flatmates in which comedy series
In the year 2000 Charity Shield match which player was sent off
Which film won the Golden Globe for best film in 1999
Which country's car international index mark is BR
I n dressmaking what are featherweight, skirt weight and open ended
What is the art of clipping bushes into shapes known as
Who was Cassius Clay's manager
Who wrote The Sea Wolf
What is the surname of the family in the book Little Women by Louisa May Alcott
Who played the role of painter Vincent Van Gogh in the film Lust For Life
Which Canadian born actor played an Irishman in The Eagle Has Landed
Indians used wampum for money, what was wampum
Which American gang of outlaws from the old west had the christian names Robert, Grattan and Emett
On which river is Kings Lynn
What was the name of the character played by Chuck Connors in The Rifleman
What was the fate of Jezebel in the Bible
What kind of flowers was the gunman holding when he shot Dirty Den in Eastenders
Who was Don McLean singing about in Vincent
What does the musical term con fuoco mean
In 1968 what became the longest course used for the British Open golf championship
In which county did Eccles cakes originate
Who was Humphrey Bogart's female co-star in Casablanca
What was the name of the character played by Paul Newman in the film The Sting
Who won an Oscar for his part in The Deer Hunter
Who originally looked after the Blue Peter garden
Who led the quest for the golden fleece
What is the name of the local pub in Heartbeat
Which Scottish League football team is nicknamed the Pars
Which city in Georgia was burned by General Sherman during the American Civil War
What was bandleader Joe Loss's signature tune
Which car was once dubbed the Reptina because of it's popularity with sales reps
What colour on the London underground map is the District Line
Which amendment to the U.S. Constitution says that no one may be forced to testify against himself
What nationality is singer Vanessa Paradis
Which English city has the most canals
What is hopology the study of
"In the military world what is meant by ""To marry Mistress Roper"""
What kind of bird is a Blue Orpington
What was the last model of car made by Austin (To be called the Austin what)
Who is reported to have as his epitaph. On the whole I'd rather be in Philadelphia
What is the official animal of Canada
Which sporting body administrates the Boat Race
Which cup competition was founded by Charles William Alcock in the eighteen seventies
Of which tribe of Red Indians was Geronimo a chief
What did Davey Crocket call his rifle
Where was the Titanic heading for on her maiden voyage
In which street did the Great Fire of London originate
What was the name of the German airship that burst into flames at its moorings in New Jersey in 1937
What sport is played by the Cincinnati Bengals
In children's TV by what name is Sir Topham Hatt better known
Sheryl Crow has released her version of the Rod Stewart number one First Cut Is The Deepest, but who released it ten years before he did
What have you lost if you are suffering from anosmia
Gingivitis affects which part of the body
What is the smallest Canadian province
In which American state is Yale University
Which sixties group starred in the film Catch Us If You Can
Who played the title role in the TV western series Bronco
What was the only western that Brigitte Bardot appeared in (it was based on a book by Louis L'Amour)
In which county is Wentworth golf course
Which song did HAL the computer sing shortly before his deactivation in the film 2001
Which ballroom dance is Spanish for double step
What was the Plowden Report concerned with
England and Surrey cricketing twins Alec and Eric had what surname
What was the name of Joan Jett's backing group
If you had two eight enders in one bonspiel what are you playing
According to the Kennel Club what is the most popular pedigree dog in Britain
What is the name of the island formed by volcanic action off the south coast of Iceland in 1963
What do Boy Scouts call the anniversary of their founder's birth
In the Christian calendar what is the first day of Holy Week
What did Albert Parkhouse invent that is one of the most stolen items from hotels
What is the main ingredient of the Mexican breakfast dish huervos rancheros
What was the first top ten entry for Ce Ce Peniston (1992)
Which colour scores the most on an archery target
In photography, what sort of lens enables a speedy transition from long shots to close-ups
What is a Cape Triangular
Which newsreader famously sat on a Lesbian when the Six O Clock News studio was invaded by protestors in the 1980s
In which country is the southern pillar of Hercules
In which country is Lake Bala
How was Monday October 19, 1987 known in the world of finance
On which river is the city of Ely
What is the fifth event in the heptathlon
Cape Verde was formerly a dependency of which European country
Which memorial trophy is awarded by the BBC for the try of the season in Rugby League
What is the title of the 2009 biopic film directed by Sam Taylor-Wood about the early life of John Lennon
In a poll conducted in the early 1970's who was voted the most hated man in history
What was the name of the driver of the mail train robbed by the great train robbers
When the Heysel stadium was rebuilt what was it renamed
Which European city was the venue for the first three World Athletic Championships
What was the first name of the Kray twins' mother
At which British golf course could you find yourself in Hell Bunker
In which country was Rita Ora born
In the 2015 MTV awards who was voted as the best male act
Arundel Castle is the stately home of which duke
In the USA it's the Oscars what is it in France
What is the title of Max Bygraves autobiography
What is the collective noun for Buzzards
Which beer was advertised as the pint that thinks it's a quart
From which language do we get the word yacht
Burnside was a spin off from which Australia series
Where are the headquarters of the Australia Rugby Football Union
In yachting how many crew are there in the Flying Dutchman class
What is a patellar reflex more commonly called
Which comedian held the world record for sticking stamps on envelopes using the human tongue
Lyrics: Some of them want to abuse you some of them want to be abused
What is the small club used for killing landed fish called
In which country does The Girl From Ipanema live
Who opened the Sydney Opera House in 1973
If you have polythelia what have you got
Who had a top album in 1985 with Like A Virgin
What is the name given to the triangular savoury Indian pasties filled with meat or vegetables and seasoned with herbs and spices
Discovery, Gillyflower and Rome Beauty are types of which fruit
What is the opposite of a spring tide
Heard many times in Hollywood westerns what phrase would a Red Indian have used when intimating that a white man was lying
What word links take, write and stand
Which manager bought Trevor Francis thereby turning him into the first million pound footballer
What is normally celebrated on the third Sunday in June in the UK
What Christian holiday is celebrated immediately after Halloween
What 1996 film was about a group of drug taking misfits in Edinburgh
Which disc jockey used to advertise Brentford Nylon
What is the waxy secretion of the sperm whale used in perfume manufacturing
Which European capital city lies on the River Sava
In which Canadian territory is the Klondike
A Varsovian is a native of which capital city
How would you have died if you had been jugulated
What was the name of Channel 5's first gardening quiz show
What was the Roman name for England
Who is universally accepted to be the first Roman Emperor (27bc)
What lager was advertised in the nineties with the slogan Get Real
Which car company advertises with the slogan The best or nothing
What is the offspring of a donkey and a horse called
The country name for which bird is the 'rud' or ruddock
In the London 2012 Olympics where did the Taekwondo take place
What is the German term for wine made from fully ripened grapes
In which town is the University of Surrey
Why is the Empire State Building so called
What is the capital of the Navarre region of northern Spain
By what name did we know soap star and sometime singer William Piddington
El Prat Airport serves which European city
What country singer's duets with Loretta Lynn ended when he died aged 59
In The Simpsons, how is Marion Anthony D'Amico, Springfield's Mafia boss, better known
What weight was Dr Robert Atkins, famous for the Atkins diet when he died
Who had a 1992 hit with You're The One for Me Fatty
Which comedienne wrote the autobiography Dear Fatty in 2008
What weight was Cyril Smith MP when he was at his heaviest
In music, an axe is a slang term for which instrument
Which American state has the most airports
What colour is the wax covering Gouda cheese
Which unusual record of two minutes forty two seconds is held by Bernard Clemmens of London
What food are astronauts prohibited before a mission
Who played the part of Tina Seabrook in Casualty
How many cards are needed to play Canasta
In which English county is there a town called Shitlingthorpe
Which public holiday became official in the UK in 1978
According to Australian slang what is underground mutton
Who had a number one in 2011 with Grenade
What is Japan considering fitting in lifts after the 7.8 magnitude earthquake in May 2015 affected over 20,000 lifts
What flower was named after the Duke of Cumberland
Whose autobiography was titled 1966 And All That
Who was the first Englishman to make a powered flight
With what do you associate the name Nirex
In which UK city is Great Victoria Street railway station
Which English town's Anglo Saxon name was Gipeswic pronounced Gipperswick
Made in Scotland what type of beverage is Rock Rose
Who duetted with Aretha Franklin on Sisters Are Doing It For Themselves
What alphabetically is the first station on the London underground
Who wrote the epic 1869 novel War and Peace
What was the first national park in the USA
Who was the Roman god of the Sun
Which group had a hit album titled Breakfast In America
What type of animal is a nyala
In the car insurance business what do the letters TPFT suggest
In game of Trivial Pursuit: what category is coloured green
Plus or minus 10 what percentage of all E-mails are spam
Crash, rise and hi-hat are all types of which musical instrument
What is the underwater equivalent of radar
What is a nattatorium better known as
Where is the largest volcano known to man
What is vellum parchment made from
What's the most frequently ingested mood altering drug
Who wrote the poems If, Gunga Din, Mandalay, and The Female of the Species
What was the first Bond film to have a duo sing the title song
Which British submarine sank the General Belgrano in the Falklands War
Who won the award for the Best Actor at the 2015 BAFTA film awards
From which country does the food brand Del Monte originate
Which ocean would you cross if you travelled from Brisbane to Los Angeles
Kelly Jones, Richard Jones and Richard Cable founded which group
Which well known known deceased musician was the father of singer Norah Jones
What was singer Jack Jones father Allan's theme song
Which song did Aled Jones forget the words of during a Royal Variety Performance
What aid to baking was invented by Henry Jones of Bristol in 1845
Who played Doctor Christmas Jones in the Bond film The World is Not enough
In which Falklands engagement did Colonel H Jones win his VC
Smith is the most common English surname, what's the Japanese version
What did Delia Smith train as before becoming a chef
Which French actor features on the cover on The Smiths album The Queen is Dead
What type of food in the United States are Brown Bobbies
In which film did Van Morrison sing Brown Eyed Girl
During a penalty shoot out in soccer where should the non participating players be
Who was the first person to earn a million pounds before the age of ten
What Latin phrase meaning winner of the games is often bestowed on a school sporting champion
Which radio broadcaster was known as the Man In Black
Which Beatle was the first to release a solo album
What is the nickname of Sheffield United
Which British organisation is known in the U.S.A. as TKC
What is the bell and blanket technique used for
What is the more common name for atmospheric vapour frozen in a crystalline form
What is the name of the wooden panelled lining applied to a room
In alphabetical order which English county comes last
On what river is the city of Norwich
In which county is Leeds Castle
Which bird uses a stone for breaking the shells of snails
In which year in the 20's did the General Strike occur
Why was the 1967 R.A.C. Rally not staged
What is animelles the culinary term for
Which glamorous cartoon character was created by Norman Pett
In the film Christine, who or what was Christine
Who took over the leadership of Russia when Boris Yeltsin resigned
What was Moses elder brother called
In which country did the carrot originate
Which musical instrument was patented in Berlin by Freidrich Buschmann in 1822
Which celebrity first found fame as the Joan Collins Fan Club
For what purpose was the leaning tower of Pisa originally built
Of which country was Cleopatra the Queen
In America what name was given to the granite boulder onto which the Plymouth fathers (allegedly) stepped ashore
What pattern would be on material described as Tattersall
"Who has the motto ""Nation shall speak peace unto nation"""
In Eastenders what was Ethel's surname
Which is the only sign of the Zodiac to start and finish with the same letter
What was the theme music from Bridge on the River Kwai
What is a nectarine a cross between
What drink was invented by oilmen who used to use their tools to stir it
What is the capital of Venezuela
How were trolley buses powered
Which super-tanker ran aground near Milford Haven in 1996
What was the chief feature of a poke hat
Who were the first men to fly the Atlantic non stop in 1919
What is the more common name for the plant choysia
What was the name of the character played by Bonnie Langford in Just William
What are the main ingredients of an Eton mess
What is a young racoon called
To the nearest thousand how many different girls' names were registered in the UK for new born females in 2013
What name is given to the Spanish method of execution by strangulation
Who has won the most Oscars
In which famous London shop in Piccadilly is there an animated clock on the front, where the original owners turn on the hour to bow to each other
With which artist painted Flatford Mill
Who was the last woman hanged in Britain
In Greek mythology, who was the first woman on Earth
Who had a number one in 2008 with Run
Which county did Ian Botham join when he left Somerset
What is the ancient counting frame using wires and beads called
In cockney rhyming slang what is a dog and bone
Which letter appears in a small circle after a trade-name to prove that the trade name is a registered trademark
Which cardinal point does not appear in the names of the American states
In the Inspector Morse series what is the christian name of Sergeant Lewis' wife
What used to be bought at Spitalfields market apart from fruit and vegetables
Which Australian prime minister was said to have tweaked the Queen's bra strap
Which Dickens novel takes place during the French revolution
What would you see at the Donington Collection
In Greek mythology which son of Telamon fought Hector in single combat
"Which famous children's novel begins with the words ""The mole had been working very hard all morning, spring cleaning his little home"""
In the nursery rhyme Cock a Doodle Doo what has my master lost
What does the green V shaped tick mean on food products
What was the first hospital soap opera on ITV
Who was the first woman to be seen on Channel 4
Who were the first League Cup winners
What was the Beatles first film
In cockney rhyming slang what is a whistle and flute
What is the shortest Channel crossing
What happens to an actor if he corpses
What was Johnny Cash's home state
What is the nickname of the Merchant Navy's flag
What nationality was Aristotle Onassis originally
You have probably all heard of the CD record but what number is CD in Roman numerals
What animal's name means earth pig in Dutch
Hajduk Split FC play in which country
What is the state capital of Alabama
What was the Duke of Wellington's name
Which female American actress, and singer had a hit in 1991 with From a Distance
Milford Sound in Fiordland National Park that was once judged the world's top travel destination is in which country
Which female singer had a top ten hit in 1998 with My Favourite Mistake
Which tube station stands at the northern end of the Piccadilly Line
Who in verse sailed to the land where the bong tree grows
What was the password for the allied troops during D-Day
What do antique dealers call old wooden utensils such as soupspoons, bowls etc
Which Chinese city gave its name to the forcing of men to become sailors against their will
Who was the original bass guitarist with The Who
LOUTS FALL. RAID'S OFF (film)
What was photographed for the first time in October 1959
On which game show was Bobby Charlton once a contestant and winner
Which wild life quiz show was hosted by Henry Kelly
Who had a hit in 2013 with Lost Generation
Which of the Great Train Robbers became a florist outside Waterloo station until he was found hanged in a lock up
In which stretch of water did the Mary Rose actually sink
Which river forms almost all the boundary between Devon and Cornwall
Who was the oldest man to play test cricket for England
What are the world's three most expensive spices
From which country does paella come
In which country is the Grand Coulee Dam
Which song begins If I was a sculptor but then again no
What are the three largest islands in the world beginning with the letter 'N'
What is the correct name for a virgin (un-calfed) cow?
Ford Prefect came from a star in which constellation?
On the Beaufort scale what is defined as force 11?
Gerald Thomas directed what series of films?
In the magic roundabout what kind of creature was Brian ?
In Greek legend, who turned everything he touched into gold ?
In what Elvis film did he play a double role?
What real person has been played most often in films?
What was the Troggs most famous hit?
Who had an August 1969 No.1 with 'In The Year 2525 (Exordium And Terminus)'?
'Yellow River' was a May 1970 No.1 for who?
Where would you find Lunate Triquetral and Hamate?
Chi is the Chinese year of what?
Who was the snooker player that beat Steve Davis in a world snooker final after being 8 - 0 down?
In which sport would you use a spider?
Who was the British Prime Minister in 1953?
Which band started life as 'Feedback' and then became 'The Hype' before settling on their current name?
"Who recorded the 70's disco song ""You're My First, My last, My Everything""?"
Who is Vincent Furnier better know as?
What 'B' is a collector of rare books?
What was the name of the compere on the TV show 'Take Your Pick'?
The German film 'The Blue Angel' launched the career of which famous actress?
What happens at the 'Tower of London' at 9.40 every evening?
From what is 'Banana Oil' produced?
Which 'Carry On' film was set in India?
What character was played by Bill Fraser in 'The Army Game'?
What is the next step up in promotion for a chief inspector in the police force?
What colour is the cross on the Greek Flag?
Pancetta is a type of what?
In which year did South Korea hold its first 'Grand Prix' motor race?
In which country will you find the 'Carisbrook Rugby Stadium'?
The traditional 'Daily rum ration' was ended in what year?
By what name is singer 'Anthony Dominic Benevetto' better known?
Which children's TV show used cabbages as the booby prize?
The Spanish call which animal 'caballo'?
Gene Hackman played the sheriff of Big Whiskey and received an Oscar in which 1992 film?
In 1925 at Windsor, bookmakers went on strike - against what?
In the Bible from whom did David steal his wife Bathsheba?
What does lager literally mean in German?
Pok ta Pok started in Mexico - what modern game/sport is it?
How was Lady Mallowan better known?
In what country did Venetian blinds originate?
The rivers Trent and Ouse flow into which estuary?
Where did comic book character 'Desperate Dan' live?
On what date does St. David’s Day fall?
What is the Great Smoo?
Christopher Cockerill invented what in 1955?
What word describes words which are formed from using the first letters of a line in a poem?
Orphelia, Autumn Leaves and Bubbles are 3 of the famous works of which artist?
What year was the final Harry Potter book, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, released?
Who wrote, produced and directed epic film, Avatar?
The Cuban runner Alberto Juantorena won two gold medals in the 1976 Montreal Olympics. What were the events?
Who duetted with Lionel Ritchie for the hit song 'Endless Love'?
"Who duetted with Bryan Adams on the 1985 hit ""It's Only Love""?"
What is the world’s most popular non alcoholic drink?
Which disease is also called lockjaw?
Who wrote the books 'Bondage of Love', 'Branded Man' and 'Kate Hannigan'?
Aviemore, in Scotland is at the heart of which National Park?
Who was the author of 'The Overloaded Ark'?
In which month of 1929 did the St Valentines Day massacre take place?
Who had a number one hit in 1984 with `Hello`?
Who taught Eliza Dolittle to be a lady ?
Where sitting on his suitcase was Paddington bear found ?
What is the name of the island in Norway where over 80 people lost their lives to a gunman on 22nd July?
The opera The Tsar Sultan contains what famous musical piece?
Whose girlfriend had a pet snake called Enid?
Whose horse was Black Nell?
In MASH what was the character Radars full name?
Miss Lemon is what detectives confidential secretary?
Who wrote The female of the species more deadly than the male?
In what country is Tiahuanaco?
In Gustav Holsts Planets suite what planet is missing?
If you went on the road to Mandalay what country are you in?
Which cathedral has 4440 statues?
Which is the largest cat in the world?
Who is currently the Supreme Governor of the Church of England?
Who designed the Queen's wedding dress?
English royalty who mourned her husband's death for 40 years?
On what day is Michaelmas celebrated?
Who wrote 'The Owl and the Pussycat'?
Who was the French wife of Charles1st?
Who was the star of the 1940 satirical film 'The Great Dictator'?
First released in 1969, which single gave David Bowie his first No. 1 in 1975?
In what year did Pele play his last professional football match and for a bonus point who was he playing for at the time?
What is Sean Connery's real first name?
Pope John Paul 11 became which club's 108.000th member?
Which Scottish club's nickname is 'The Diamonds?
Who won the 1977 European Cup and where was it held?
In what country is 'Mt. Everest'?
In which sport would you see someone slam-dunking the ball?
What sporting surface is 78 feet long and 27 feet wide for singles matches?
Which ‘P’ describes the chasing pack in a cycling race?
In what year did Torville and Dean (Jane and Christopher) win their first Olympic gold, scoring 12 perfect sixes in their free-dance routine?
On the 11th of February 1990 Mike Tyson (and the world!) was stunned when he lost his heavyweight crown in the tenth round to which boxer?
Who did John McEnroe beat to win his first Wimbledon singles final?
Whose beagle buddy is 'Snoopy'?
Which English writer died on the same day as Spanish writer 'Miguel de Cervantes' in 1616?
What is the Human body's hardest bone?
Who played 'Callan' in the TV series of the same name?
Who was known as 'Good Queen Bess'?
There are two answers for this anagram - CDELOORU - (point for each)?
In what year did Marlene Dietrich become a US citizen?
What letter is to the right of Q on a typewriter?
I what year was the first 'Mechanical Hare' used in greyhound racing?
What was the name of the island where Nelson Mandela was imprisoned for 18 years?
Who was the first ever British Formula One Racing Champion and in what year (Point each)?
In what year did Captain Matthew Webb become the first to swim the English Channel?
Everton FC beat Rapid Vienna in the Final of the European Cup Winners Cup, what year?
If Eastenders is set in Walford, where is Coronation Street set?
Diane Belmont became famous as who?
Name the five colours of the Olympic rings?
The singer 'Sting' featured on a track of which 1985 Dire Straits album?
If you were studying Iatrology what would you be studying?
8Â  Fort Ville-Marie was the original name of which Canadian city?
Which part of the human body contains the most gold?
What 1945 film won best picture, actor, director Oscars?
True or False, Sharks can't get sick?
What name was given to the eleven states that fought the Union in the US Civil War?
Which black and white marine creature is the largest member of the Dolphin family?
Who was the author of 'The Thorne Birds'?
The majority of the land area of Africa lies in which hemisphere?
Which was Disney's second animated film?
Which of the Kray brothers died first?
How many Von Trapp children were there in the Sound of Music?
Which UK TV chef also plays the drums in a band?
How is the number 14 written in Roman numerals?
Who followed Hugh Gaitskell as leader of the labour party?
What river flows through the Grand Canyon in the USA?
In which war was the charge of the Light Brigade?
Where was Dick Turpin executed by hanging?
Which British city has the most canals ?
What is 'The Old Lady of Threadneedle Street'?
Vijay Singh, a US Masters champion, comes from where?
What is the capital of the state of Oregon?
What spirit is mixed with ginger beer in a Moscow mule?
Moon River is an Oscar winning song from which movie?
Born 'Lucille LeSueur' , By what name is this actress better known?
Can you name the singer of the title track in '1995 - GoldenEye'?
Can you name the singer of the title track for '1997 - Tomorrow Never Dies'?
Can you name the singer of the title track for '1971 - Diamonds Are Forever'?
From 'On Her Majesty's Secret Service' (1969), as Bond passes a janitor in Draco's headquarters, the man can be heard whistling what?
What would a Scotsman do with a spurtle?
Who would take silk as part of their job?
Who sang the theme song in 9 to 5?
How many James Bond films did Pierce Brosnan do?
What year were all these comedians born: Harry Enfield, Eddie Murphy and Rory Bremner?
Being developed from earlier keyboard instruments, what year was the piano invented?
Name the Greek Mythological hero who killed the gorgon Medusa?
When running around the athletics track, what does the sound of a bell indicate?
In which American state would you find Mt. Rushmore?
Who was the only boxer to win more heavyweight title fights than Mohammed Ali?
What was the name of the ship that took the Pilgrim Fathers to America?
During which battle did Davey Crockett lose his life?
Born in 1927, which pianist had hits with 'Side Saddle' and 'Roulette'?
What is the real name of 'Buster Bloodvessel' lead singer of pop group 'Bad Manners'?
If you dress in clothes of the opposite sex, you are a what (no rude answers please!)?
What name is given to someone who starts fires maliciously?
Ulna; Radius and Clavicle are what?
'Encephalitis' affects which part of the body?
In the UK we call it paraffin, what do the Americans call it?
What was the first animated film to be nominated for an Oscar for best picture?
In which Beatles song released in 1966 would you find Father McKenzie darning his socks?
What criminal offence took place in Cheddington, Buckinghamshire in August (8th) 1963?
Who did Zola Budd accidentally trip during the LA Olympics in 1984?
Which Australian cricketer in his very last innings in 1948 scored a duck (0)?
Who, in 1964 became the first cricketer to take 300 wickets?
The Guinness Book of Records was first published in what year?
What was the name of the TV comedy series starring Windsor Davies and Donald Sinden as Antique dealers?
Who played their final live gig at Candlestick Park, San Francisco in 1966?
In the cartoon, what kind of bird is the roadrunner?
Who played 'Chief Inspector Dreyfus' in the 'Pink Panther' films?
Who played Dr Richard Kimble in the 1993 film The Fugitive?
In 1967, who was the first DJ on Radio 1?
Which is the largest in area - The Sahara Desert or Australia?
Can some parrots and budgerigars talk?
Where would you find 'Timbuktu?
What was the nationality of composer Frederic Chopin?
Chesney Allen formed a double act with which famous entertainer?
Tanganyika and Zanzibar merged in 1964 to become which East African Republic?
Who invented the microwave oven in 1945?
Who named his jet plane 'Big Bunny'?
Who elects a new Pope?
Patusnaya and mallasol are types of what?
What is the Latin for wolf spider?
In what year did Elvis Presley and his parents move from Tupelo to Memphis?
Who was the first presenter of 'Top of the Pops'?
Who won the gold medal for the men's super heavyweight boxing?
In Rowing, who received gold medals for the Women's coxless pair?
In which decade was Liz Hurley born?
After Harold McMillan who was Britain's next Prime Minister?
A 'mazard' is a type of which fruit?
Prior to 1930, the Eiffel Tower held the record for what?
If a female rabbit is a 'Doe' what is a female ferret?
Which French racecourse hosts the 'Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe?
A Suffolk Punch is what kind of animal?
What was made and repaired by a Wainwright?
The song 'Everybody's Talkin' by Nilsson, featured in which film?
The eldest son of a French King was always given which title?
The Northern Line is represented by which colour on the map of the Underground?
Where would you find 'Harris'; 'Lewis' and 'Benbecular'?
In a petrol engine what component mixes fuel and air?
K is the chemical symbol for what?
What name was given to the floating harbours used on D-Day?
Michael J Fox starred as Marty McFly in which series of films?
Whose character ran a bookshop in the film 'Notting Hill'?
The character 'Jaws' featured in two James Bond films. Which are they?
Who is actress Kate Hudson's mother?
Mary Arden had a famous son. Who was he?
Darwin is the capital of which Australian Territory?
Which Sweets were advertised with the slogan ' Taste the Rainbow'?
Pearmain is a variety of what?
At which English racecourse would you see the 'Hennessy Gold Cup'?
What was American footballer William Perry's nickname?
Which British father & son both held world land speed records?
How many players are there in a Hockey team?
What is a 'Judogi' used for?
The male lead roll was played by whom in the 2001 film Moulin Rouge?
What does a farrier do?
Las Vegas is situated in which US State?
In which country would you find the city of 'Ghent'?
Who won the Formula 1 World Championship in 1992?
Who was the author of 'The 39 steps'?
Ascorbic acid is usually known as what?
Which Tennis star was Brooke Shields once married to?
What is the usual colour of an aircrafts Black Box?
Until 1796, there was a state in the United States called Franklin. Today it's known as what?
Where is the only place in the United States that has a royal palace?
What plant do we often call the 'Busy Lizzie'?
Earth belongs to which galaxy?
The Southern Alps can be found in which country?
Who was the first emperor of Rome?
The SS Titanic sank in which year?
Hansen's Disease is better known as what?
Which city is the home of the Palais du Luxembourg?
"""When I Fall in Love"" by Nat King Cole featured in which 1986 film?"
"""You're Going To Lose That Girl"" was from which Beatles film in 1965?"
"In what year did Glen Campbell have a hit with ""It's Only Make Believe""?"
"Heinz' 1963 song ""Just Like Eddie"" was a tribute to whom?"
What is the highest possible score in a game of ten pin bowling?
What is the distance of the 'Grand National' race at Aintree?
What are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill?
What is the only letter in the alphabet that does not appear in the name of any of the United States?
"In the film 'Casablanca', Humphrey Bogart said ""Play it again, Sam"". True or False?"
Al Capone's business card said he was a what?
What percentage of Mike Tyson's 1995 earnings came from endorsements?
Mrs. Bridges was the cook in which popular TV series?
In what month is Hogmanay celebrated?
How many 'Pockets' would you find on a pool table?
In which Irish city is the Abbey Theatre?
In which sport did Duncan Goodhew excel?
Who killed Goliath with a sling and a stone?
Which book of the Old Testament is a collection of moral and ethical maxims?
Which five books of the Old Testament make up the Pentateuch?
What is a Flemish Giant?
What is the only anagram of the word `english`?
What is the national anthem of the USA called?
What is the correct term for a 'shooting star'?
Which African country is the worlds highest producer of cocoa?
Which is the largest city in the USA?
Who wrote the novel Cider With Rosie?
How often does a Hebdomadal Council meet?
Which car manufacturer makes the Jazz model?
Beaufort who created The Wind Scale had which profession ?
Where in the US can you get doctorate in hamburgerology ?
In which 1984 film did Tom Hanks fall in love with a mermaid?
Who on TV has played a scarecrow and a Time Lord?
Which former Neighbours star links the films Memento and The Time Machine?
Which actor played the father of the Waltons children?
Who played the role of George Carter in The Sweeney?
What won the Oscar for Best Animated Film in 2005?
What happened to the cities of Pompeii and Herculaneum in AD79?
In 1940, the RAF made the first raid on which city?
In US motor racing, what colour flag would the driver see for 'one lap to go'?
From which wood is a cricket bat traditionally made?
Whose compositions included 'The Firebird' and 'Petrushka'?
What tune do the bells of Big Ben chime?
Where would you find brackish water?
What country has the world?s highest waterfall?
Who wrote Of Mice and Men?
Marmalade is which bear's favourite sandwich filling?
On which day is Halloween celebrated?
Who was the oldest female solo singer to have a number one single in the UK?
What nationality was Christian Barnard, the surgeon who performed the first human heart transplant?
Which British impresario was noted for his productions of Gilbert and Sullivan operettas?
For which art form is Henri Cartier-Bresson best known?
'Diva' released in 1992 was the first solo album for who?
Psychologists says men who wear what during sex are insecure?
In Norway 1980 a man was fined for being drunk in charge of what?
Which actor has been portrayed most on screen by other actors?
A Paris grocer was jailed for two years in 1978 stabbing wife what?
Iris Somerville was killed in London in 1982 by lightning - Lightning struck what?
In electronics, what is a PCB?
'Roquefort Cheese' is made from what sort of milk?
Who was the 'Referee' on the TV game show 'Big Break'?
Beethoven wrote only one opera, can you name it?
Bring on the Empty Horses was the sequel to which other David Niven Autobiography/Memoir ?
How many grooves are there on a 45rpm record?
Who founded the 'London Philharmonic Orchestra' in 1931?
"Can you name the Labour politician who said, ""Being attacked by Geoffrey Howe is like being savaged by a dead sheep?"
Which King reigned for only 325 days?
If you had a seal point and/or a blue point, what breed of cat do you have?
At which film festival could you be awarded the 'Palm d'Or'?
In 'Scarface' which character was played by Al Pacino?
Who did Joe Louis beat to take the world heavyweight boxing title in 1937?
Complete this boxing phrase 'The Thriller in'?
In British Wrestling who was Shirley Crabtree?
In 'Toy Story 2' what was the character 'Bullseye'?
Who played 'Peter Pan' in Spielberg's 'Hook'?
Who played 'Robert Langdon' in 'The Da Vinci Code'?
Which former Bond star played the part of Mr. Rochester in a 1983 TV mini series of Jane Eyre?
What is the stage name of double act 'Ian and Janet Tough?
Released in 1961, what was the last No.1 hit for Frankie Vaughan?
Carbon dioxide in solid form is called what?
If you were eating a 'Knickerbocker Glory' - What would you be eating?
What would you be eating if you were having sushi?
It is said that you can't sink in this sea, what sea is it?
Name the British heavyweight Boxing champion who held the title between 1959 and 1969?
What is the Beaufort Scale?
What does a tadpole become?
Richard Burton was nominated 7 times for an Oscar. How many did he win?
Who played 'Professor Henry Higgins' and what was the title of the 1994 movie?
Which Mediterranean country's orchestra is bigger than its army?
What was Britain called - before it was Britain?
What's unusual about evangelist Amy Semple McPherson coffin?
What was the fist name of Hudson in Upstairs Downstairs?
Which rugby side are also known as the Wizards of the West?
Who was Inspector Clouseau's manservant?
What is Africa's most populated country?
Which comedy duo were born Bartholomew and Wiseman?
Which British sausage is traditionally sold in a coil?
Which creature disappeared leaving only a smile?
What is the surname of the captain who assists Hercule Poirot?
What was the home ground of Leyton Orient called before it became the Matchroom Stadium?
Named after a town in Lincolnshire, what is a more common name for bath metal?
When free school milk was given out what size were the bottles?
At which sport could you win the Victor Barna Award?
What is the nickname of the New Zealand women's cricket team?
What is phobophobia the fear of?
What was the fastest aeroplane used in the Falkland's War?
In a poll conducted in the early 1970's who was voted the most hated man in history?
What was Grace Darling's father's job?
O UGLY NINE is an anagram of which singer songwriter?
In the early 2000's The Birds Eye brand had a make-over, losing it's famous logo in favour of the now familiar red eye logo. What was the old logo, was it A- Albatross, B - Whale or C - Shark?
Which constituency does William Hague represent?
fifteen 'bob' in old money is worth what in our current currency?
What type of tree was Newton supposedly sitting under when he formulated his theory of gravity?
Breugel; Van Dyck and Rubens were all citizens of which country?
On what would you perform a Rudolph; a Randolph or an Adolph?
What was the name of Jimmy James' backing group?
Which Italian city is the setting for Romeo and Juliet?
What name is used in the Roman Catholic Church for evensong?
What type of aircraft was used by Alcock and Brown when they became the first men to fly the Atlantic non stop?
In which Canadian city is the Lion's Gate Bridge?
Cassandra was the pseudonym of which writer in the Daily Mirror?
Which poet is buried in Grasmere churchyard?
Which company registered Father William as a trademark?
Who played the sergeant in Carry On Sergeant?
Who founded the Jaguar motor company?
What was Billy Connolly's only No. 1 hit?
Who's chart hit 'Walk tall' Started his career in 1964?
In which London park would you find the Zoological Gardens?
For which trade is Saville Row best known?
On which London street will you find Guy's Hospital?
Known usually just as the Monument, or the name of a tube station. Who designed the Monument and for a bonus what does it commemorate?
Which British entrepreneur failed to win his bid to run the National Lottery?
Which fashion craze was made popular by the film 'Flashdance'?
Which American city experienced an earthquake in the early hours of January 17th 1994?
What are the names of the US States starting with 'W'?
When was basketball invented: 17th, 18th or 19th century?
When did the first election for the European Parliament take place?
Can you name the river that flows through Cardiff?
Who said sex is a bad thing it rumples the clothes?
Who is the author of the 'Harry Potter' books?
Anaheim, Bell, Hungarian Wax, Poblano, and Scotch Bonnet are all types of what?
December 23, 1923 was the birthday of Vice Admiral James Stockdale, one of the most highly decorated officers in the history of the US Navy. He was also the running mate of what 1992 presidential candidate?
Known as Action Man in the UK, what 1964 Hasbro toy is responsible for the coining the phrase action figure?
Portrayed by Denise Richards, in which James Bond film, who you find the character Dr. Christmas Jones?
21st December, 2012, according to those of us who go in for this sort thing, is the date of the End Of The World. A faulty interpretation of which civilizations calendar system accounts for this?
Eddie, Lou, and Clancy are the face of law and order on what long running tv show?
December 21, 1937 saw the premiere of what feature film, the first full length animated feature film?
According to the Rankin-Bass TV classic of the same name, who brought Frosty the Snowman back to life?
Fez is an African city which gives its name to a type of hat. In which country is it?
Who was Poopdeck Pappys most famous son?
In the Kipling story Rikki-Tikki-Tavi, the title character defends his adopted family from a pair of murderous cobras. What type of animal is Rikki?
January 3, 1924 saw Howard Carter discover what famous Egyptian pharaoh?
What band is playing music for nickels in Creedence Clearwater Revival’s hit “Down on the Corner”?
What is the difference between venom and poison?
A vicenarian is what age range?
In 2001: A Space Odyssey, what was the name of the computer that took control of the spaceship Discovery?
What popular opera, penned by George Bizet, is a story about a female cigarette factory worker?
The capital of North Carolina was named for what famed 17th century English explorer and lover of tobacco?
The 1947 novel "I, the Jury", by New York author Mickey Spillane, was the first to feature which famous detective?
January 18, 1778 saw Captain James Cook discover what island group, which he named the Sandwich Islands, in honor of his sponsor, John Montagu, 4th Earl of Sandwich?
Named after an abduction at the Japanese Embassy in a South American city in 1996, what syndrome, the opposite of the Stockholm Syndrome, is characterized by the abductors developing sympathy for their hostages?
According to the proverb, it takes two to what?
By what name are Rontgen rays more commonly known?
The Springfield, Mass YMCA saw the first game of what played on January 20, 1892, when 9 players ended the game with a 1-0 score?
What is the name of the Sergeant who constantly harasses the goldbricking Private Beetle Bailey in the comic strip of the same name?
January 18, 1936 saw the death of what English writer and youngest recipient of the Nobel prize in Literature, responsible for such classics as The Jungle Book, The Man Who Would Be King, Gunga Din, and If?
If cows are bovine and horses are equine, what type of animals are ursine?
The Sharks face off against what gang in Leonard Bernsteins musical West Side Story?
January 17, 1929 saw the pride of Chester, Il, Elzie Segar debut what iconic cartoon character in a Thimble Theater strip?
The first 10 amendments to the US Constitution are collectively know as what?
January 23 saw the anniversary of the introduction of the Apple Macintosh. In what year did this event happen?
The rules for what card game state: A standard 52 card deck is used, with the cards in each suit ranking as usual from ace (high) down to two (low). Each heart is worth one penalty point and the queen of spades is worth 13 penalty points. The other cards have no value. The object is to avoid scoring points. On the first hand after a deal, each player any 3 cards to the person to their left. On the second hand, cards are passed to the right, across on the third hand, and no cards are passed on the fourth. The cycle continues. The person who holds the 2 of clubs must lead the first trick. The game continues until a player has scored 100 points.
The Dukes of Hazzard, the CBS TV series that debuted on Jan 26, 1979, featured the exploits of which 2 cousins, all under the watchful eye of their Uncle Jesse?
Allegedly coined by one Theodore Roosevelt, what product advertised itself with the slogan "Good to the last drop"?
Killing both the second US female astronaut in space, Judith Resnik, and the first participant in the Teacher in Space project, what NSA shuttle was lost on January 28, 1986?
In the theme song for The Beverly Hillbillies, by what names is the oil discovered by Jed Clampett known?
Which 18th century polymath invented the lightning rod, the flexible urinary catheter, and coined the phrase 'time is money'?
Which branch of the US federal police, the oldest, is charged with court security, prisoner transport, serving arrest warrants and seeking fugitives?
28th January, 1958, saw the patenting of "moderately famous" toy, made possible by a unique stud-and-tube coupling system?
What ology is the scientific study of the structure of Earth?
What Canadian province lies between British Columbia and Saskatchewan?
Which Saturday Night Live cast member was known for his “You look… mahvelous!” send up of Argentinian born actor Fernando Lamas?
Every major league baseball team has retired the number 42, in honor of what player who was born on January 31, 1919?
Commonly known as nipplegate, whose wardrobe malfunction during the Super Bowl 38 half time show earned a record $550,000 FCC fine?
Name the artist and title of this 1992 one-hit-wonder output: “I’m a model you know what I mean. And I do my little turn on the catwalk. Yeah on the catwalk on the catwalk yeah. I do my little turn on the catwalk’
As of today, name the 5 NFL teams that have never actually played in a super bowl?
For a point each, name the 12 personalities of the Chinese zodiac.
The third most translated author, which Frenchman, whose birthday is celebrated yesterday, is considered the father of Science Fiction (along with Hugo Gemsback and H.G. Wells) and wrote works such as Around the World in 80 Days and A Journey to the Center of the Earth?
Following a tradition started by Jim Kelly in 1987, where did Super Bowl XLV MVP winner Aaron Rodgers announce he was going following the game?
Founded in 1900, in what sport is the Davis Cup played for?
February 8, 1960 saw the creation of what major Los Angeles attraction which runs for 1.7 miles from North Grower Street to North La Brea Avenue, a short segment of Marshfield Way, and a section of Vine St between Yucca Street and Sunset Boulevard?
What documentary filmmaker gained fame, and 25lbs, when he ate nothing but McDonalds for 30 days, a diet which was immortalized in the film Super Size Me?
What famed British naturalist, born on Feb 12, 1809, wrote a book famously subtitled "the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life"?
The small, landlocked country of Andorra is located in which mountain range?
What arrow-toting Roman god is now most commonly seen around Valentine's Day?
Feb 15, 1564 saw the birth of what famed Italian physicist, mathematician, astronomer, and philosopher, who discovered the first 4 moons of Jupiter?
Name the movie and character/actor that uttered the quote: "Take your stinking paws off me, you damn dirty ape!"
What section of Los Angeles was devastated by six days of rioting in August 1965, following a drunk driving arrest, which resulted in 34 deaths and over $50 million in property damage?
The sinking of what battleship in Havana harbor on Feb 15, 1898 led the United States to declare war on Spain on April 25?
For a point each, name the 7 countries surrounding the Republic of Mali
In the classic fairy tale, what did Jack (of Jack and the Beanstalk fame) trade for the magic beans?
How many points on the maple leaf that plays such a significant role in the flag of our neighbor to the north, Canada?
Vancouver is not the first Canadian city to host the winter Olympics. What city holds that honor when they hosted the 1988 games?
Which famous actor is well known for his voice over work, including the "This is CNN" tag and the voice of Darth Vader in the Star Wars film franchise?
Kirkland Signature is the house brand of what retail giant?
According to Samuel Beckett, who are Vladimir and Estragon waiting for?
In what 80s arcade game were you armed with a lance and mounted upon an flying ostrich?
What company made headlines last week by claiming to own a trademark on the word "footlong"?
What company encourages you to "Think Outside the Bun"?
A rabbit punch is a blow to what part of the body?
Rickets is caused by a lack of what essential element?
Published on Feb 21, 1848, which two authors were responsible for the Communist Manifesto?
According to legend, what "moistened bint" bestowed the sword Excalibur on the young King Arthur?
The home row for what keyboard layout is (from left to right) aoeuidhtbs-?
What gas is necessary for plants to perform photosynthesis?
In what card game do you need the queen of spades to shoot the moon?
The territory of Idaho, formed on this day in 1863, later was divided up into what 3 states?
According to the Kubler-Ross model, what are the 5 stages of grief?
A speechwriter for both Ford and Nixon, before becoming actor and comedian, who won a Emmy award as host of a game show in which you could win $5000 of his own money?
What radio station do you find at 98.9 on your local FM dial?
In the human body, the adrenal glands are located near what organ(s)?
What sport is known as “the sport of kings”?
What American industrialist is credited as the father of the modern assembly line?
For a point each, name the 4 Cs of diamond grading
Who famously described England as “a nation of shopkeepers”?
209 year ago today was the founding of the United States Military Academy at what New York location?
Opened in May 11, 2010, Charlotte, NC is the home to the Hall of Fame for what popular outdoor sport, the second most watched sport (on TV) in the US?
With 47 attacks in the year 2010 alone, what body of water is known as Pirate Alley?
What is the common name of the laryngeal prominence?
The hall of fame for what sport is located in Saratoga Springs, NY, in which the announcement of new inductees is usually made on the first Saturday in May in Louisville, Ky?
What radio station do you find at 99.9 on your local FM dial?
What media mogul, known as The Mouth of the South, started the first dedicated 24-hour cable news channel, owns the Atlanta braves, founded the Goodwill Games, and married Hanoi Jane?
What is the lowest level of the Earth's atmosphere?
What product demanded you “Obey your thirst”?
Star Trek: TOS was cancelled in 1969 after how many years on the air?
In 1990, George H. W. Bush famously said “I do not like what. And I haven’t liked it since I was a little kid and my mother made me eat it. And I’m President of the United States and I’m not going to eat any more what.”?
March 30, 1853 saw the birth of one of the most influential painters of all time, Vincent van Gogh, in what European country?
According to the song's lyrics, what did Yankee Doodle stick in his hat (and call macaroni)?
An equilateral triangle has all 3 sides of the same length. What type of triangle only has 2 sides of equal length?
In a game of professional soccer, a red card is used to indicate that a player has been what?
To the tune of almost 46 million dollars (in then dollars), what noted philanthropist funded the construction of 1687 public libraries between 1886 and 1923?
Having its roots in medieval jousting, if you are quick to show emotions, you are said to wear what on your sleeve?
April 5, 1614 saw early American settler and tobacco exporter John Rolfe marry who?
Who's missing: Bashful, Doc, Dopey, Grumpy, Happy, Sleepy
What name is given to the paradoxical psychological phenomenon wherein hostages express adulation and have positive feelings towards their captors that appear irrational in light of the danger or risk endured by the victims?
On what apparatus would a male gymnast traditionally perform moves such as scissors, moores, spindels and flairs?
Now a part of Carnival Corporation, what shipping company commissioned and sailed the RMS Titanic?
The 3rd of his vice presidents (after John Nance Garner and Henry Wallace), who took over the reins of power when FDR kicked off?
Launched from the desert steppes of Kazakhstan, Vostok 1 was launched on April 12, 1961, carrying which man, the first in outer space?
Tuesday marks the birthday of lat night tv host David Letterman. What broadcast channel hosts his show?
For a point each, name the 5 states surrounding New Mexico
What "moderately famous" ship left Southampton, England, before stopping at Cherbourg, France and Queenstown, Ireland before stopping floating?
Name the 1992 movie and character/actor that featured the quote “Are you crying? There’s no crying! There’s no crying in baseball!”
What radio station do you find at 1090 on your local AM dial?
Translating from the Greek as "separating circle", what is the name of the apparent line that separates the earth from the sky?
Founded in 1775, George Washington was the Commander-in-Chief of what Army?
A year ago today saw an explosion on what Gulf of Mexico oil drilling platform, operated by BP?
What author observed, "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"?
April 18, 1775 saw Paul Revere (along with William Dawes) make his famous midnight ride. What was the stated profession of Mr. Revere?
Who's missing: Miss Scarlett, Mrs. White, Mr. Green, Mrs. Peacock, Professor Plum?
What is written on the cake that Alice finds once she's entered the rabbit hole?
April 18, 1942 saw the first retaliation against Japan for the attack on Pearl Harbor when what famed American aviator led a flight of B25 bombers from the deck of the USS Hornet?
What boxer was stripped of his heavyweight boxing titles when he refused his US army induction in April, 1967?
April 30, 1945 saw the death of the worlds second biggest asshat ever, when Adolf Hitler offed himself. Whom did he marry the day before his death?
Between 20 and 30 miles thick above water (3 to 6 miles thick beneath the ocean), what is the geologic term for the part of the earth that sits on top of the mantle?
In what game do you score a point for having His Nobs or His Nibs?
May 4, 1904 saw the US begin construction the Canal, following the creation of the state of Panama from Columbian territory due to the iron backbone and bad-assed support of which US president?
Known as The Mother of Presidents or The Heart of It All, what state was the 17th state to join the union on March 1, 1803?
Which Major League Baseball team plays its home games at Chase Field, built in 1992?
May 8th, 1886 saw Civil War veteran and morphine addict John Pemberton sell what concoction at Jacob's Pharmacy in Atlanta, Ga?
What actor has played James Bond in the most movies?
With what possession can Wonder Woman force people to tell the truth?
Approximately what percentage of an incandescent light bulb's energy is wasted as heat?
Without this man, born on May 12th, 1937, we would never know "Seven Words You Can Never Say on Television". Who are we referring to?
According to Arthurian legend, Arthur's wife Guinevere, had a little on the side with which Knight of the Round Table?
For a point each, name the 3 countries surrounding Djibouti
Which is the longest length below?
At what 1876 battle was the US Army's 7th Cavalry wiped out to a man, leaving only a horse, Comanche, alive?
In which city would you find the International Court of Justice, otherwise known as The World Court?
What fairy tale features a wolf who tries to “huff and puff and blow your house in”?
The first US space station was launched on May 14, 1973. What was it called?
Whom was Ronald Reagan referring to when he uttered the famous phrase "evil empire" in a 1983 speech?
Masu, Chum, and Coho are all types of what?
What noted film director and producer, born on May 14, 1944, founded the theatre audio company THX, and the visual effects company Industrial Light and Magic, among others?
According to Smokey The Bear, Remember... only you can what?
May 15, 1940 saw what fast food chain get started in San Bernadino, CA?
After 23 years on the air, America's Most Wanted will be winding down. Who has been the host of the series since its inception?
What airline, founding member of the Star Alliance, the largest airline alliance in the world, got its start as the Boeing Air Transport company in 1927?
Known as The Hoosier State, what was the 19th state to join the Union on december 11, 1816?
What is the usual term for growing plants in liquid, without the benefit of soil?
In the event that the rumors are true and Christine Gregoire does head off to fill in the solicitor general position currently held by Elana Kagan, what is the name of the man who becomes governor of Washington until a special election is held?
What does the proofreading notation stet mean?
What Greek mythological figure, who apparently cut quite the figure, was doomed to waste away staring at his own reflection?
Although now pretty much a bit player, Porky Pig's only known girlfriend is who?
Body on Tap brand shampoo contained what special ingredient?
What 1989 best picture Oscar winning movie, based on a play by Alfred Uhry, and co-starring Morgan Freeman, gave Jessica Tandy, at age 80, the award for Best Actress, the oldest winner in history?
What was the profession of the 7 Dwarfs, according to the Disney movie?
If blue litmus paper stays blue, is it in an acid or base solution?
Who is the most famous character created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle?
The ESRB provides ratings for what?
We know it as Myanmar today. By what name was it known before 1989?
Deficiency in which vitamin causes Beri-Beri?
Marking the separation between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, what name is given to the southernmost piece of South America?
How many herbs and spices make up the secret blend used on Colonel Harland Sanders' most famous creation: his Original Recipe Kentucky Fried Chicken?
What is the deepest male singing voice?
What is the name of the cookie recipe printed on the back of each bag of Nestle "semi-sweet chocolate morsels"?
First debuting in the cartoon Mickey's Review, what classic turtle neck wearing cartoon character had the original name of Dippy Dog?
Electric, picket, and split rail are all types of what?
Inspiring such things as a television program, a breakfast cereal, and hit song, what immensely popular video game was first released by Namco on May 22, 1980?
Also known as the Roland Garros, what is the Grand Slam Tennis event that started this week on the clay courts?
What element is often called quicksilver?
Portrayed by James Doohan, what was the actual name of the engineer on the starship Enterprise, who was commonly called Scotty?
May 28, 1998 saw the death of what Saturday Night Live alum, and voice of Lionel Hutz and Troy McClure on The Simpsons, who was shot while he slept by his wife Brynn Omdahl?
From where do Manx cats originate?
The voice of Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Porky Pig, Sylvester the Cat, Tweety Bird, Foghorn Leghorn, Yosemite Sam, Wile E. Coyote, Woody Woodpecker, Barney Rubble, Mr. Spacely, Speed Buggy, Captain Caveman, Heathcliff, Speedy Gonzales, Elmer Fudd and hundreds of others, which American voice actor was born on May 30, 1908?
Name the 1979 movie, ranked 168th on IMDBs list of the Top 250 films, based on IMDB’s plot summary: “Brian is born on the original Christmas, in the stable next door. He spends his life being mistaken for a messiah.”
What long running public radio program, and short lived TV series, debuted in 1995 as Your Radio Playhouse?
What is the traditional beverage hoisted by the winners of the Indianapolis 500, a tradition that dates back to 1936?
June 2, 2004 saw the beginning of the streak in which what Edmonds, WA native won 74 consecutive games on Jeopardy?
May 31, 1911 saw the launching of the hull of what "moderately famous" cruise ship, which took almost a year to complete, but a mere 2 hours and 40 minutes to sink?
Based on market cap, who was declared the top technology company this week, stopping Microsoft's nearly 20 year run on top?
The result of a tryst with the wife of his bitter enemy, what legendary English ruler is the bastard son of Igraine and Uther Pendragon?
Which king experienced regicide at the hands of Shakespeare's Macbeth?
June 5, 2004 saw the death of what man, the 40th President of the United States?
In internet/texting parlance, what does tl;dr mean?
Ford recently announced that they were shutting down production of another of their marques. Active for the last 81 years, what brand is being discontinued?
The world cup opens on Friday. Which country is hosting this year?
What does the DSM-IV define as: A pervasive pattern of excessive emotionality and attention seeking, beginning by early adulthood and present in a variety of contexts, as indicated by five (or more) of the following: (1) is uncomfortable in situations in which he or she is not the center of attention (2) interaction with others is often characterized by inappropriate sexually seductive or provocative behavior (3) displays rapidly shifting and shallow expression of emotions (4) consistently uses physical appearance to draw attention to self (5) has a style of speech that is excessively impressionistic and lacking in detail (6) shows self-dramatization, theatricality, and exaggerated expression of emotion (7) is suggestible, i.e., easily influenced by others or circumstances (8) considers relationships to be more intimate than they actually are
In what film would you have seen a sword fight on the Cliffs of Insanity?
How many pecks in a bushel?
You have the right to remain silent and Anything you say or do can and will be held against you in a court of law are typical of the wording used by police officers to inform suspects of their rights following what landmark Supreme Court decision of 1966?
Snidely Whiplash was the arch-villain on what cartoon series?
Which actor, who died in Los Angeles on Jue 11, 1979, holds the record as the actor with the most leading parts with 142, and has a marina named for him near the city of Sequim?
Who flew a kite in a storm on June 15, 1750, proving that lightning was electrical?
The inaugural issue of what comic book, which was released in June, 1938, introduced Superman?
The first civilians executed for espionage in the United States for passing atomic bomb secrets to the Soviets, what couple were given the electric chair in 1953?
What does the DSM-IV define as:     A. Over a period of at least 6 months, recurrent, intense sexually arousing fantasies, sexual urges, or behaviors involving the act of observing an unsuspecting person who is naked, in the process of disrobing, or engaging in sexual activity. B. The person has acted on these urges, or the sexual urges or fantasies cause marked distress or interpersonal difficulty.
June 17, 1994 saw a low speed chase up Interstate 405 as OJ Simpson was pursued by some of Los Angeles finest for a good 6 hours. What type of vehicle was OJ riding in?
Name the artist and the title of this 1970 hit: 'Dont come hangin around my door I dont wanna see your face no more I got more important things to do Than spend my time growin old with you'
What is prepared in a tannery?
June 19, 1903 saw the birth of what legendary NY Yankee, who earned the nickname The Iron Horse in his 16 years playing for the team, until he was forced to retired when he was stricken with an eponymous disease?
Name the 1979 movie and character/actor featured the quote "Hes not the Messiah. Hes a very naughty boy!".
Responsible for such novels as Burmese Days, Keep the Aspidistra Flying, and Coming Up for Air, British author Eric Blair was popularly known as whom?
Early American film actor who rode a horse named Tony; Made 336 westerns between 1910 and 1935
Used as an alloy in making high-speed cutting tools, mo is the symbol for what silver-white metallic element?
Born in Kingston, Texas in 1925, who is generally recognized as the most decorated American soldier of WWII, before he launched a successful film career?
The bacteria used in botox is also responsible for what disease
Meaning Fox in Spanish, what was the secret identity of Don Diego De La Vega?
Name the year: The Macintosh is introduced, Louisiana hosted the last World’s Fair to be held in the US, Vanessa Williams resigns her Miss America crown, Band Aid records the song “Do They Know It’s Christmas” for famine relief, Union Carbide wipes out a good chunk of Bhopal, India
Yesterday saw the passing of Ed McMahon. What publishing sweepstakes company employed him as its' spokesperson?
The 1887 novel A Study in Scarlet introduced what classic fictional character?
Cursed to sail around the Cape of Good Hope, which ghost ship is the theme of an 1841 opera by Richard Wagner?
"Who would buy this?", currently number 540,909 in Amazon sales rank, chronicles the life of what former Ballard, now Wallingford, institution?
What do you practice in a dojo?
What survey line, completed in 1767, is typically thought to separate the slave owning South from the freedom loving North?
Eric Arthur Blair, born 25 June, 1903, was the birth name of what famed English author, who penned such works as The Road To Wiggan Pier and Down and Out in Paris and London?
The 1999 Spike Lee film Summer of Sam focuses on the crimes of what famous serial killer?
Nostradamus “Bull” Shannon, who also wrote a children’s book entitled Puff the Flesh Eating Dragon, was a bailiff on what long running NBC comedy?
The preamble to the UN Charter, adopted on June 26, 1945, states We the peoples of the United Nations determined: to save succeeding generations from the scourge of what?
According to famous American architect Louis Henri Sullivan, known as the father of skyscrapers, "form follows what"?
Luminol, a chemical that exhibits chemiluminescence, is often used by forensic examiners to try and detect trace amounts of what?
July 2, 1961 saw what Nobel Prize winning author take his own life in Ketchum, Idaho, who once stated that every boy must Plant a tree, Fight a bull, Write a novel, and Father a son in order to be a man?
The principal author of the US Constitution and writer of over 1/3 of the Federalist Papers, which US President, the 4th, was CIC during the War of 1812?
Of what modern country is Sarajevo the captial of?
Pre restraining order(s), who did People magazine name as their first "Sexiest Man Alive", in 1985?
The carotid arteries supply blood from the heart to what part of the human body?
Perhaps the greatest thing since something, what now common innovation was introduced by the Chillicothe Baking Company of Chillicothe, MO on July 7, 1928?
The Statue of Liberty, officially presented to the United States on July 4, 1884, holds a torch and a tablet. In what hand is the torch held?
The term gustatory refers to which of the 5 senses?
On July 4,1817, construction began on what canal, linking the Great Lakes to the Hudson River, and ultimately, the Atlantic ocean?
Proclaiming himself "the luckiest man on the face of the earth", what baseball legend announced his retirement from the New York Yankees on July 4, 1939, following an amazing streak of 2130 straight games?
Name the 2007 movie, ranked 134 on the IMDB Top 250, based on its’ plot summary: “Violence and mayhem ensue after a hunter stumbles upon a drug deal gone wrong and more than two million dollars in cash near the Rio Grande.”
What Latin phrase, which translates to English as "for this", is taken to mean something designed for a specific problem or task?
Phobos and Deimos are the only two moons of what planet?
According to the nursery rhyme, how many blackbirds were baked in a pie?
According to the proverb, what does a stitch in time save?
Charles Dickens' 1859 classic, A Tale of Two Cities, the most printed original English book in history with over 200 million copies sold, is set in what two cities?
What 70’s group released a statement on Monday that read, in part “We are deeply dismayed by today’s announcement from the YMCA that they feel a name change and a rebranding are in order after 166 years”?
Which company advertises it "gets the red out"?
In orbit from 1973 to 1979, what was the name of the first space station launched by NASA, which met a firey end over the Pacific Ocean (and parts of Western Australia), on July 11, 1979?
Which US city had the first subway system, being opened in 1895?
What, if any, relationship was shared between Dear Abby and Ann Landers?
The oldest known American cocktail, what whiskey forms the base of the cocktail known as a Sazerac?
A spoof of fraternal organizations such as the Masons, Shriners, Elks Club, or Moose Lodge, of what lodge was Fred Flintstone elected Grand Imperial Poobah?
What naturalist’s quest to save Rwandan gorillas from poaching was made into the 1988 Academy Award-nominated film “Gorillas in the Mist”?
At what Bikini Bottom restaurant does SpongeBob Squarepants earn a living as a fry cook?
For a point each, name the animals mentioned in the opening verse of that classic 1876 song Home on the Range
Which Apollo mission, which was launched on July 16, 1969, was the first to put a human on the moon?
Skeletal, Smooth, and Cardiac are all types of what?
Also known as honey wine, what is the name of the alcoholic beverage that is made of honey and water, properly fermented with yeast, of course?
Known as the Hero of Haarlem, what did the little Dutch boy use to plug the leak in a dike?
What color is the lowest level of the Homeland Security Advisory System?
After being forced to abandon her career in embroidery because of arthritis, what Grandma took up painting in her 70s and produced over 3600 canvases over the next 3 decades?
For a point each, name the 6 states surrounding Pennsylvania.
What is the physics term for mass times velocity?
In the Tour de France who wears the polka dot jersey?
Name the book and the author: 'The Time Traveler (for so it will be convenient to speak of him) was expounding a recondite matter to us.'
On July 21, 1969, who became the first man to set foot on the moon?
The Tour de France always ends in Paris. In what European city did it begin this year?
On July 24, 1911, future US. Senator (R, Connecticut) Hiram Bingham III “discovered” what Peruvian city?
In which form of pool (pocket billiards) are the balls formed into a diamond pattern?
What is the lowest level of the atmosphere, which lies below the stratosphere, called?
Legend has it that the Pied Piper led the children from what German town on July 22, 1376, when the cheap bastards wouldn't pay him for ridding the town of rats?
A "coyote" is a slang term used to describe someone who smuggles what across the U.S. border?
What is the “com” in the top level internet domain “.com” short for?
Anchored by the star Polaris, the constellation ursa minor represents what animal?
What might “Loose Lips” do, according to a popular rhyming World War II slogan?
What does “SPF” mean on sunscreen containers?
Acura is the luxury division of what major automaker?
What was the name of Winnie the Poohs human friend?
NASA celebrated another anniversary today. In what year was it founded?
In the DC Comics world, he started as Dick Grayson and ended up as the leader of the Teen Titans, under the identity of Nightwing. By what name is he more famously know?
The Princeton Review just released their list of the top 371 colleges and universities in the US. What Big Ten school was ranked the #1 party school?
What Latin phrase, which translates as Out of many, one, is taken to mean One from Many?
On July 31, 2008, who took over as acting president for his brother, who may or may not still be alive, a position his brother held since the revolution of 1959?
Which of Robin Hood's Merry Men was he forced to fight with quarterstaffs on a narrow bridge?
Replacing the unofficial E. Pluribis Unum, what phrase did the US adopt as its' national motto on July 30, 1956?
The evening of Aug 3, 1492, saw Christopher Columbus set sail from the Andalusian port of Palos de la Frontera, in what 3 ships?
August 2, 1990 saw Iraq invading what country, sparking a series of events that culminated in the 1st Gulf War?
Name the 1994 movie and character/actor that features the quote “Nobody’s gonna hurt anybody. We’re gonna be like three little Fonzies here. And what’s Fonzie like? Come on Yolanda what’s Fonzie like? ”
Who's missing: George Costanza, Elaine Bennes, Cosmo Kramer
What ice cream company produces flavors such as Everything But The.., Neapolitan Dynamite, and Stephen Colbert's AmeriCone Dream?
August 6, 1912 saw formation of The Bull Moose Party, with what total bad assed at the lead?
A “slim jim” is a type of pick used to open what type of lock without a key?
What became the last city on earth to experience the horror of a nuclear bomb when the B-29 Bockscar devastated what Japanese city on August 9, 1945?
Genghis Khan led what group of people?
Author Alex Haley, born on Aug 11, 1921, wrote what epic story of his family origins, later to be made a rather popular mini-series?
The official beverage of Puerto Rico since 1978, what drink consists of rum, coconut cream, and pineapple juice?
Complete the proverb: All work and no play...?
Mrs. O’Leary’s cow is credited with starting what?
The current Chairman of the Federal Reserve System, Ben Bernanke, took over for what adherent to Objectivism, the second longest tenured in that position?
What serial killer, arrested on Aug 10, 1977, dubbed himself the "Son of Sam"?
What local rich boy is responsible for founding the Science Fiction Museum and Hall of fame?
What is Kenny's last name on the animated TV series South Park?
Mark David Chapman was scheduled to appear before the New York State parole board next week for his 6th attempt at getting out of prison for the 1980 murder of whom?
In addition to hosting the Academy Awards, what stand up comic took over for Craig Kilborn behind the desk of The Daily Show?
For a point each, name the 9 countries surrounding Germany.
August 14, 1951 saw the death of the man on whom the movie Citizen Kane was based. Who was it?
The gravesite of what American writer, buried in Baltimore, is mysteriously visited every January 19th, to receive a toast of cognac and 3 roses?
Although all are eligible, only two US Presidents are buried in Arlington National Cemetery. Name them, for a point each.
It began life as The Nashville Network, but changed its name to what in 2003 following a lawsuit raised by an asshat director over the new name?
On today's date in 1908, the first of over 15 million of what automobile was first produced?
By tradition, what country leads the procession of nations in the Olympics?
The actual kitchen used by what iconic TV chef is now on permanent display at the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of American History?
Held at Max Yasgurs 600 acre dairy farm, what event, which opened on Aug 15, 1969, was billed as An Aquarian Exposition: 3 Days of Peace & Music?
August 17, 1908 saw the opening of what public farmers market, the longest continually running public farmers market in the US?
According to Greek legend, King Midas was "blessed" by the god Bacchus with the gift that all he touched would turn to what?
What type of rain did Prince sing about in 1984?
August 19, 1871 saw the birth of Orville Wright. Was he the older? Or younger brother?
For a point each, name the 4 countries surrounding Belgium.
Portrayed by Fess Parker on TV, what frontier legend, born on August 17, 1786, represented the state of Tennessee as a representative for 6 years, and lost his life at the Alamo?
A former software engineer, who created the comic strip character Dilbert?
According to the proverb, what is the better part of valor?
After the United States and the Soviet Union, what country became the third in the world to test an atom bomb (in 1952)?
Consisting of a stick with a woven pocket at the top, the stick used to play the sport of Lacrosse is called what?
Which US president, who had a birthday on August 19, was born in Hope, Arkansas?
What Latin phrase, which translates as for the public good, is taken to mean professional work undertaken voluntarily and without payment?
With an atomic weight of 22, what element, named for members of Greek mythology, uses the symbol Ti?
On August 28, 1963, who stood on the steps of Lincoln Memorial and famously stated "I have a dream"?
What synthetic opioid is used to help treat heroin addiction?
Starting 30 years of conflict, the Eritrean War of Independence broke out on Sept 1, 1961, as Eritrean separatists fought for independence from what country?
Which superhero lives beneath the sea and can command all of the marine life via telepathic abilities?
Mary Jo Kopechne died on July 19, 1969, following an accident in a car driven by whom?
Chang and Eng Bunker, who toured for many years with P.T. Barnum, were the most famous example of what medical oddity that affects between 1 in 50,000 and 1 in 200,000 multiple births?
What Latin phrase, which translates as “by heads”, is taken to mean “for each person”?
According to Sammy Haggar, what can't he drive?
On what country did the U.S. declare war on May 11, 1846?
Who broke Lou Gehrig's record by playing in his 2131st consecutive professional baseball game on September 6, 1995?
What noted fictional pirate, who sailed aboard the Jolly Roger, had an unreasonable fear of crocodiles and had a first mate named Smee?
Major asshat Idi Amin Dada was the president of what African nation from 1971 to 1979?
General Augusto Pinochet was the former dictator of which South American country?
US President Harry S. Truman famously had a sign on his desk saying the what stops here?
What controversial phenomenon is measured by Zener cards?
On Monday, Samoa became the first nation in nearly 40 years to switch sides of the road. On what side do they now drive?
What is the offspring of a male lion and a tigress called?
What speaker component is used to produce the highest audio frequencies, usually between 2,000HZ and 20,000HZ?
What famous motorhome brand took its' name from a Midwestern Native American tribe?
What cereal company, founded in 1906, has its headquarters in Battle Creek, MI?
What is a “Scotch Bonnet”?
September 9, 1969 saw what made an official language of Canada?
A. M. Best, Moodys, and Standard & Poors are all examples of what?
What was the location of the worst nuclear disaster in the United States, when a partial core meltdown of reactor #2 resulted in the release of significant quantities of radioactive gas in 1979?
First proposed by H.G. Wells in a 1903 story, what military staple saw its first action during the Battle of the Somme, September 1916?
Next Sunday, Sept 19, is International what day?
What magician-turned-actor portrayed a recurring role as a trickster on a few episodes of TV's Cheers before landing a job as a judge?
What Missouri town calls itself the “Live Music Show Capital of the World”?
What can brown do for you? is the current advertising slogan for what company?
The Sunshine Band, named after their home state of Florida, sang alongside whom?
Tomorrow marks the 109th anniversary of which great American taking the reins of the presidency following the death of William McKinley?
What product is advertised with the slogan "Great taste, less filling"?
On Sept 18, 1947, which branch of the US Military became an independent branch, following 40 years under the leadership of the Army?
Where is the human body do you find the hammer, anvil, and stirrup?
What name is given to the race of one-eyed giants of Greek mythology?
First held on May 17, 1875, what is the oldest, continuously held major sporting event in the United States?
Prior to selling the team to current owner Paul Allen, which California real estate developer pissed off most of the Northwest when he tried to move the team to Anaheim?
According to the cold war era slogan, you're better what, than red?
What noted English chemist and physicist, born on Sept 22, 1791, is responsible for the electromagnet and has the SI unit of capacitance named for him?
Eventually a newspaper photographer for the Daily Bugle, what is the alter ego of Spiderman?
Sep 21, 1981 saw the confirmation of which associate justice, the first female Supreme Court justice?
What Seattle Weekly cartoonist was forced to go into hiding last week after major asshat imam Anwar al-Awlaki issued a fatwa suggesting she be killed for her "Everybody Draw Muhammed Day"?
What is the name of the backing band for noted bluesman Stevie Ray Vaughan?
September 23, 1939 saw the death of what famed neurologist, best known for founding the field of psychoanalysis?
On Sept 23, 1846 three astronomers Urbain Le Verrier, John Couch Adams, and Johann Galle co-discovered which one of the current planets?
In Norse mythology, what group of female figures decides who lives and dies during battle, and then transports half of the dead to Valhalla?
The journal of which Amsterdam schoolgirl was first published in 1947 under the title The Diary of a Young Girl?
Name the 1998 movie from the IMDB plot summary: "A former neo-nazi skinhead tries to prevent his younger brother from going down the same wrong path that he did."
The ancient city of Troy is located in what modern country?
What can be a medieval weapon, a spice, or a Jedi knight (or a pepper spray)
John Lloyd Wright, son of famed architect Frank, invented what children's toy?
Cryos, the worlds largest sperm bank, recently announced that they will no longer accept donations from guys with what physical characteristic?
Who sang behind Huey Lewis?
Named for its chairman, The Warren Commission published its final report on Sept 27, 1965. What event was it seated to investigate?
Lasting from 1299 to 1922, the Ottoman empire roughly corresponds to what modern day country?
In 2001, Dennis Tito paid a reported $20 million to be the first tourist to go where?
Oct 5, 1902 saw the birth of Ray Kroc, who started which ubiquitous food source, the most successful fast food operation in the world?
In what South American country was unrepentant asshat Che Guevara and his band of merry men captured and ultimately executed?
Brass is an alloy of what 2 metals?
Prior to carving Mount Rushmore, Gutzon Borglum started work on what Georgia monument, the largest bas relief structure in the world, featuring 3 Civil War leaders, Jefferson Davis, Robert E. Lee, and Stonewall Jackson?
October 7, 1952 saw the birth of what former president, and current prime minister, of Russia?
For a point each, name the 4 countries surrounding Georgia
What successful, no-frills airline is headquartered at Love Field in Dallas, and is one of the few that doesn't charge a baggage handling fee?
By congressional resolution, Sam Wilson, of Troy, New York, a meat supplier for the Army during the War of 1812,is recognized as the progenitor of what famous American symbol?
Two all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun describes what?
In what middle east harbor was the destroyer USS Cole attacked by suicide bombers in 2000, resulting in 56 casualties?
Featuring the Trouble Alert, at what Metropolis location did the Super Friends congregate in the 1970s animated show The Super Friends?
What kind of singing, from the Italian for Manner of the Church, features singers without any musical accompaniment?
What device uses radio waves bounced off of objects to identify their range, altitude, direction, and speed?
In what Virginia town is the Central Intelligence Agency located?
What were the names of the ships Christopher Columbus sailed on his maiden voyage to the New World?
Waiting over 200 years to finally be ratified, the 27th amendment to the US constitution states that congressional pay raises cannot take effect until what?
Introduced in the US in 1967, what candy advertises itself with the slogan “It’s a juicy contradiction”?
Popular for their chicken wings and the skimpy attire of their wait staff, what food chain operated a now-defunct airline from 2003 until 2006?
According to the nursery rhyme, who lives on Drury Lane?
Name the ingredients that make up that classic American favorite, the Big Mac
From the Latin for argentum, which element, with an atomic number of 47, uses the symbol Ag?
Name the 1988 movie and character/actor that featured the quote "Yippee kai yay, motherfucker"
What can be a river, a sportswear company, or a university?
The last of the three-age system, what age followed the Bronze Age?
Although actually located in Black Canyon, what was the original name for the structure that became known as Hoover dam?
What drink consists of vodka, Triple Sec, cranberry juice, and lime juice?
For a point each, name the 4 countries surrounding Greece.
Utilizing a flexible, clear hose, the act of siphoning beer or wine off the lees into new, clean barrel is known as what?
What is the name of the long running science program, produced by WGBH in Boston, on PBS, running from 1974 to the present?
What is the 3rd largest car rental company in the United States?
Oct 21, 1797 saw the launching of the frigate known as Old Ironsides. By what official name is she known?
What Arizona national park was formed over millions of years by the relentless efforts of the Colorado River?
What tiny peoples tied up Gulliver while he was asleep?
What unfortunate thing befalls those suffering from lycanthropy?
What name is given to the economy where all commerce is conducted without regard to taxation, law or regulations of trade (and is a really good place to find the stuff you can't find anywhere else)?
On Oct 28, 1886, the rotund one himself, Grover Cleveland, officially dedicated what highly visited statue?
Dow Constantine and Susan Hutchinson are currently running for was position?
Although only 1 of 4 days that had a huge impact on the word, October 29, 1929, became the face of the catastrophe, and is commonly known by what name?
The fictional country of the Republic of Elbonia, supposedly somewhere in the former Soviet bloc, is featured in which comic strip?
What can be a legislative body, a collective name for type of bird, and a funk band?
What was the name of the oil company was founded by John D. Rockefeller in 1870?
October 27, 1858 saw the birth of what totally bad assed US president, the 26th, who spent time as a North Dakota rancher before becoming assistant Secretary of the Navy in 1899?
Starship Troopers, Stranger in a Strange Land, The Moon is a Harsh Mistress, The Cat Who Walks Through Walls
Used primarily to talk to the dead (and the scare the snot out of younger siblings), what is the name of the Parker Brothers game that consists of a flat board marked with letters, numbers, and other symbols, and a wooden disc known as a planchette?
What is the name of the train station that services Amtrak and Sound Transit's Sounder commuter train for the city of Seattle?
Produced until 2001, what was the name of the 128-bit game console produced by Sega that has developed quite a cult following?
The longest running television series ever, November 6, 1947 saw the debut of what now weekly news program, now hosted by David Gregory, following the unfortunante sudden death of host Tim Russert?
Last week saw the passing of Bob Guccione, founder and publisher of what adult magazine, as well as producing that well known high art film, Caligula?
Skean dhu, kukri, and Bowie are all types of what?
What company advertised itself with the slogan “We’ll leave a light on for you”?
If I purchase a gross of something, how many individual items do I end up with?
What is the name of the convenience store operated by Apu on TVs The Simpson?
How many Electoral College votes did Washington bring to the table this year?
Name the 1999 movie from its' IMDB plot summary: The lives of guards on Death Row are affected by one of their charges: a black man accused of child murder and rape, yet who has a mysterious gift.
Tomorrow marks the anniversary of the debut of what long running children's television series, originally produced by the Children's Television Workshop?
For a point each, name the 6 countries surrounding the Republic of Cameroon.
What was the 42nd state to join the Union on Nov 11, 1889?
Friggatriskaidekaphobia (or triskaidekaphobia or paraskevidekatriaphobia) is the fear of what?
November 10, 1775 at Tun Tavern, Philadelphia, saw the official birth of branch of the US armed forces?
What cocktail typically consists of 3 parts vodka, 1 part apple schnapps, and 1 part cointreau?
What's missing: Amphibians, Fish, Mammals, Reptiles, Invertebrates?
What state is known as the Sunflower State?
What Family Guy character moved from Quahog, Rhode Island to Stoolbend, Virginia to spin off his own show?
How long do NFL football teams have to get a play off (the play clock)?
In order to secure the help of the Wizard, whose broom must Dorothy steal in the Wizard of Oz?
Not counting his overactive use of tobacco, what was the addictive drug used by Sherlock Holmes (in a 7% solution) when he was bored?
What is the name of pigment that gives plants and leaves their colors and also absorbs light in the blue and red portions of the spectrum?
The excellent cut of beef known as "hanger steak" is taken from what part of the animal?
What fictional spy show showcases the dysfunctional International Secret Intelligence Service (ISIS)?
Who's missing: Inky, Pinky, and Sue
Who, along with the March Hare, throws a perpetual tea party in Lewis Caroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
First put on sale last week, Decision Points, currently ranked #1 in books on Amazon.com, is a memoir by what politician?
Born in Scranton, PA on Nov 20, 1942, current Vice President Joe Biden spent 36 years as a senator from which state?
"Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation, conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal" began what famous presidential speech?
What is the official color of the UPS trucks?
How many times have UW and WSU met on the football field?
What planets orbit takes it the furthest away from the sun?
November 30, 1810 saw the birth of what U.S. inventor and business man who is credited with creating the gun that won the west?
Although it ended up being very ineffective, what was the name for the interconnected series of concrete fortifications built by France along its border with Germany between WWI and WWII?
What author penned a satirical essay in 1729, entitled A Modest Proposal, modestly proposing that the poor should eat their babies?
For a point each, name the 5 countries surrounding The Republic of Cote d'Ivoire, or The Ivory Coast.
Satisfactellent, Nougatocity, Hungerectomy, Substantialicious and Peanutopolis were all used to advertise what product?
November 30, 1810 saw the birth of what U.S. inventor and business man who is created with creating "the gun that won the west"?
A desert is defined as landscape or region that receives almost no precipitation (less than 10'' per year). For a point each, name the worlds 5 biggest deserts
What online travel agency uses The Roaming Gnome as its' TV spokesperson?
What is the name for the flexible, connective tissue found in the joints between bones?
Because he held the earth on his shoulders, for what Greek figure did Gerardus Mercator name his book of maps?
According to the proverb, what should you never give a sucker?
Flight 19, consisting of 5 TBM Avenger torpedo bombers disappeared on December 5, 1945, a presumptive victim of The Bermuda Triangle. Name the 3 points that mark the boundaries of the triangle.
What former U.S. president is known for his staunch support of Habitat for Humanity?
Anna Kournikova, Michelangelo, ILOVEYOU, Melissa, and Stuxnet are all examples of what?
What radio station do you find at 90.3 on your FM dial?
What cat food “tastes so good, cats ask for it by name”?
What is the name of the giraffe that Toys-r-us uses as its' mascot?
Where do you find the Bridal Veil, American, and Horseshoe Falls?
The worlds largest marketer of fruit juices, what is the juice arm of the Coca Cola company?
Which series of books tell the story of Precious Ramotswe, a Botswana woman who becomes a private detective to help others and to make Botswana a better place?
Whose backing band is known as The Miami Sound Machine?
With a motto of Always Ready, Always There, what US military branch had it's founding on Dec 14, 1636?
What does Lucy charge for a visit to her psychiatric booth in A Charlie Brown Christmas?
Who tried to steal Christmas from the town of Whoville?
According to the proverb, what comes but once a year?
What is the name of the parson mentioned in the lyrics of the Christmas carol "Winter Wonderland"?
According to a popular Christmas song, who was a jolly happy soul?
In what outdoor sport, sanctioned by the NHPA, do you score 3 points for a ringer, 2 for a leaner, and the closet scores a point?
